Video: CI/CD UX Weekly Meeting 2023-06-21
Video ID: 53Z0ts22Hl8
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=53Z0ts22Hl8
================================================================================

 All right, welcome everyone. Today is the 21st June and we are meeting for CICD by weekly you're explaining. I'll start off with making a mention of some of the announcements that Hannah has put in the agenda. The first one is because of video check-in in process. It started like 12 June and it's going on and what we'll be using for these check-ins is our regular one-on-one agenda. This process is led by team members. That means we have to just go there fill in our achievements, rent, support needed and opportunity areas since the last formal assessment. Besides that, there's another one, there's a 360-feet back that is going to be launched in July. There's not a lot of details available right now but Hannah will keep us posted. Yeah, going to questions. I see one from Gina. Do you want to talk about it? Yeah, I can voice it and then whenever Hannah, listen to this, I'm sure she'll answer. When I was filling out the career development plan issue template which was the one after the individual growth one, we included a Q1 portion of it and we've already completed that this year. So I'm wondering if we should include goals for next Q1 instead there. If anybody has already filled it out or is going to I'd appreciate like if you, whatever you end up doing, just let me know. Yeah, I chatted with Hannah this morning about this because I have the same question. I'm like, oh, it's almost Q3 and the top thing says Q1. She says you could also just break that down into months too. So like you'll be doing something in like July and August. She kind of put the quarters there as like a template. But if you want to break down differently into months and stuff like that, you can do it as well. Okay, well, thank you. That's a better answer than what I was going to say. So I'll just give. Okay, so what sequence are we following today is like Erickan will are going to go first because I remember we did it the, did it different way last time. So Ericka, do you will you go first? Sure. So mostly my updates are about things that other people are working on at the moment. So participated in Emily's designs friends over the past two weeks. I've told her this, but she really did a great job, you know, from start to finish. And it was great to be a part of that process. All the activities that she put together were really great is my first time doing a design sprint. And I'm really excited that we came out of that sprint with a prototype that was tested internally, but also we plan to test it with customers. So I'm assisting on the late solution validation issue that Emily has started drafting. I'm also supporting Ali with his solution validation testing on the onboarding experience that we've talked about in past meetings and look at in Figma. So right now we're developing the screener and I think he's also planning to work on the discussion guide, which I'll come up with. And then the last one is that the PM for switchboard, Lauren, who started I think about a month and a half, two months ago, when she was a onboarding, she completed some internal team member interviews to get some feedback on the current experience related to dedicated and how you know that process is very manual onboarding customers to at that time was more of like a limited access product. But now it's we've just gone live as of I think last week with dedicated is open to all customers. And she's just recently finished research and added insights to the issues. So I linked that one as well. Any comments or questions? I do. I have one. You said we have gone live with dedicated. Is it the same thing that Ali was working on? Like is it live now? No, that's a good question. So this just means that dedicated as a product was previously something that was like limited access to I think we only have like three or four customers that were actually all dedicated. And it just went general access or GA. So it means that like anybody who's interested can sign up. That's a little bit different from what Ali is making with switchboard, which is more of like a automated onboarding process or kind of self guided onboarding process, which will certainly help people as they transition onto dedicated. And that's something that we're going to build as an MVC in the next couple of milestones. Yeah, that's a good distinction that dedicated is a little bit different from switchboard. We're kind of connected but a little bit different. And they're getting some self assistance right now. It's so manual right now. Basically like our sales reps are kind of walking through custom walking through different parts of the process with customers. And it's so much like back and forth over email, like trying to track down information that they require in order to set up that instance. And so that's why like having this onboarding experience will really help take off some of that manual burden off of our sales team. Got it. Thanks for answering. You're the love. Yeah. And fusion. Yeah, that's a good question. Any other questions for us to go over to Erica? Okay. Okay. So if you haven't yet, and I think everyone could participate this in this who's on the call now, but this is the first week of the AI user needs and AI fit workshop. So we're done it. But basically the idea is we're going to answer these questions in the survey. There's two surveys for this dedicated feature that we've decided to like go through the process with. So the idea is just to learn about what's a good fit for AI. And the long answer is it depends on how we design things. And so that's opened up. So if everyone wants to complete that, there's two surveys that'd be good. And you guys can, if you don't even want to, hopefully Gina, you think I will participate, but all the rest of y'all want to look and just see what we're doing. I think it's like helpful just to see what those workshops look like. And then just calling out kind of just so Hianna knows that we, I'm so excited about this, but we figured a way to differentiate against one of our key competitors for our GitLab Native Secrets solution. And we, it's something that we've already called out. And I like created a deck about it. And then we like finally heard from customers. This is something that we really struggle with in a key competitor, bless you Gina. And then to me, that makes sense like why I would be very familiar and why that like problem would keep resonating with me. So, but we're all like aware that we need to like figure out how to work together on this. I'm sure we will, but we just want to like make sure we're mining it so we don't get backed into a design corner by accident. So, I just thought I would put it in the agenda there. And then Gina and I are having so much fun working on the mental models research for renters. And she's going to check in with Fengyun today to see if she can like combine efforts with the mental modeling research for pipeline authoring. So, anything I can do to support that collaboration, but it depends on availability. So, and then last but not least is a feedback request that I was hoping people would fill out and just to help me focus on, tell me what to focus on in the upcoming quarters. Yeah, muted. Thank you. Thanks, Erica, for like, especially for the deck because I am personally interested in that for the differentiation. And I want to make a mention that I have highlighted like there's a tag in my new research project and ductile with the variables and environments. And today I'll be processing those into insights and I'll be sharing with them. Okay, so moving upwards, syndrome is not attending, but she has a couple of items here that you can take a look at. It's about the design sink that she was like there was a design sinker on CI catalog and the other one is a solution validation for how users would want to publish their CI confidence to the catalog. Both interesting ones. And next up is me. So, we interviewed nine participants last week for the solution validation research for variables. It was like specifically about the new layout that we were designing for presenting the variables on the project setting page because that's where users get to see custom variables defined at two levels projects and group or subgroup. So they inherited and the native to the project ones. And it went really well, like at least I was not expecting to speak with nine participants all in one week. There were no notions. There were technically, but then they risk it you'll then be silica to talk. So one learning that I would want to share is send a follow up email a few hours before the schedule meeting that really helps. Just like stating that looking forward to talking to you in the upcoming interview. So I think like that. Yeah, the issue in dovetail product link is tagged here if you are curious for what's happening there, but I'll hopefully you got a video by end of today and post. So my goal is to wrap up this one and wrap up the sketching exercise before I leave for the conference next week. And apart from that, I have also written a blog with Peyton on the work that we did for beautifying for UI. Good thing is I met with Jackie yesterday and she mentioned that customers are noticing it and they are happy with the changes. So it was scary. I am going to be speaking at Pennpot Fest. It's a tool which is an open source prototyping tool, but they recently like they got funding last year and they have gone GA I think in January. They had this official launch. So there'll be a lot of organizations present there like us like Red Hat, GitHub. It will be an interesting gathering and yeah, I'm looking forward to it. It's happening in Barcelona. End of June. And if no other questions we can move to Emily. Cool. So I know I already reviewed this during our feedback session yesterday, but the three days of the design sprint we finished up the last week or the week before I'm losing track of weeks at this point. But we kind of have the highlights from the hallway testing summarized. So just to give some context, hallway testing is the third day of the design sprint where I get everyone in this sprint to kind of meet with a potential persona at GitLab and give an interview. So we have some highlights from those three interviews and then the next steps here is to run a random solution validation over 162 and 163. So currently working with Will to put together that testing plan in the smile stone. The second and the one. So maybe you might have seen this in the UX channel, but we're celebrating not moving forward with a concept. So we're deciding not to move forward with the group of environments concept mostly because we realized partway through these interviews and with kind of stuff that came out of the design sprint that we are moving forward with a concept on top of a feature that wasn't very strong initially. So I think what we want to do is go back really perfect the environment's feature itself and then move forward with something at the group level versus kind of building on top of a feature that's not working currently. So that's kind of the outcome of that. And the final one is I'm looking to put together a mini design sprint training guide. I'm just wondering if anyone is interested in kind of being a pilot for that. Yeah, I mean, what we are planning, Erkan, it's going to be very different in nature, but I think the general guidance around that is going to be very helpful for us. Cool, yeah, because I'm going to plan to just put everything into like a template and kind of share that out with like best practices. So I can start with like just our immediate team before sharing it out with anyone like further than that. Yep, I think in suï¿½port we definitely, yeah, benefit from it. And that's all for me unless anyone has any other questions I can give it to Gina. All right, I have been, I actually talked about this a little bit yesterday and UX weekly, but the whole runner dashboard MVC has been quite a ride because we have run into a lot of issues performance wise, but I know I've been still fighting for the things that I learned from research when we did solution validation around this feature. So we know that the metrics we're showing are the right ones. We just need to figure out how to implement it, come up with a POC using Postgres, which is our database that we currently use and hang go from there. So we'll see how it goes. And then my other note here is about the mental model research that Erica brought up. I met with her yesterday and I'm very excited for this because there's been a lot of like heavy discussions happening internally on the runner team about disagreements on the terminology we use for different parts of runner. So we're going to focus on mostly externally users to understand how they think about runner concepts without using GitLab specific terminology. And we'll be talking with people who have not used GitLab before, so we'll be more general. And then we're also going to ask some just five internal GitLab team members. And we set out a plan that has four parts, which I can all send an update once we update the Qualtrics survey. But the first part will be a card sort. Just like the typical ones that we usually see where you're grouping terms and then you name the groups and then ranking order of importance of concepts. I think we have a list of 16 or 18 even right now. But maybe minus the duplicate so it would be less. I think that's what it is. And then we're going to do a fill in the blank section kind of like madlibs but not really. And then matching the concepts to terms. So we'll have like a list of the concepts in the terms and they'll match them together. So today I'll be doing that, like putting that survey together. All lady one of our voice that's probably yeah. Yeah, yeah. Cool. So I guess I'll do my section. Yeah. So I'm working on finalizing our solution validation that we're going to do for the designs that I've been sharing over the past few weeks. So yeah, doing proper working on the screen, the discussion guide and recruiting. And then I'm also working on story mapping for switchboards. Initially, I'm going to do a pass and then I'll do it with the team next. So yeah, hoping to get that done this week. And then I'll share with everyone as well. Yeah, can you elaborate a little like what you're like trying to achieve through those story mapping exercise? Yeah. So we know that we want onboarding the certain things that we want customers to be able to do such as further customizing their dedicated instance. Also customizing when they want to do maintenance and then providing monitoring for their dedicated instance and some logs. And there's also some other tasks that we also want them to do. So we just want to map what that will look like. Yeah, and have a discussion with the team and see what everyone has been thinking because yeah, it seems everyone has different thoughts on what switchboard should and should not do. So I think this will be a great starting point. Thanks for indulging me. This was good because I have never done like specific exercise for like a story mapping exercise for any of the things I was just thinking like can I like getting some inspirations from you? Yeah, that's it. Okay, anyone has any questions or anyone anything else to discuss? More instant with this. I'll start recording.