{
  "title": "CI/CD UX Meeting - 2022-09-21",
  "video_id": "H5Znwux1wfw",
  "url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H5Znwux1wfw",
  "transcript": " All right, so this is the CI CD, you had to be meeting for September 21st. So first off, some standing announcements right in update. So OK, our progress. Okay, I left a comment here about the SUS, the S2 issues for package. There were plenty for 155. They're not going to be able to deliver that. She already left a comment in the mirror. I align on this. Emily, I know that for release, everything's already done. And I think we have a couple of issues open for pipeline altering. But I, yeah, what I just want to voice is if in the future, we are looking at OKRs that relate to SUS or issues that, yeah, we have a commitment to deliver. I think it's good to align with the stage groups with the teams that, if you're not improving the usability through the commitments of the OPR, then what is the improvement that the team is proposing, right? So that's, we make sure that we're talking about a trade off and not, yeah, we de-prioritized things happen, but what's the plan to later prioritize those issues or the usability improvements or what are we, what are we trying to offer, right? So I just want to put this comment there. But thanks, Katie, for giving the update. And then next up is a therapist assessment. It's coming up soon. They're launching mid-October, so October, November, we're going to have the talent assessment logistic explodes exactly. It's TBD. So I link here the handbook page. And I think they're also changing something in the process. I think the team member assessment is going to be optional. The manager is mandatory to member optional, but that might change, right? Another we are underproduct things might change in the process. So the therapist, the manager is going to update you, but keep an eye, folks, in the page. And Katie's not here, but I'll make the announcement since this is going to come out. It's going to be a public knowledge soon. So Katie is going to transition to the machine learning team. So she applied internally and she's changing team should be managed by Tori, starting October. But she was still be covering for package half the per capacity until the backfill below. So she was transitioning out in 15 to 6 because this milestone she's doing beautiful in her UI. But once that ends, she starts onboarding the new team and then supporting package until the backfill below. Which I'm getting very, very sad to see Katie go, but it's such a great opportunity. And I think she would do great in the machine learning team. Right? Gina is not here today, but I'll just quickly go through her updates, run it fleet was evaluated at complete. That's huge, right? You can check the updates in the dovetail project. And then she has a basic comment here about. Brassie a job artifact file. They're going to be working on making it easy to find that file in this particular issue that she link here. So we can find more details. What is that? Oh, it's an actual. It's an insight from feasibility. That's cool by the insights. Right. So that's that Emily, do you want to take over for release? Yeah, so I don't have much of an update. I'm catching up on like a little over two weeks of PTO today. So not much from the product to update, but I will be hosting another release office hours tomorrow with some focus on like UX and front end. So how community contributors can get UX feedback, front end feedback on their contributions. So I'll have an update on how that goes on our next meeting, but excited because our last office hours had a pretty good turnout and people were open to asking questions and everything. So. Looks like Vittica is also not here and is on some time off today. So. I think voice Katie comments as I mentioned, she's working on Vittica. Why this milestone and now that also the Nadia left. Like it's not as less than what's yesterday, right? Katie's taking over some of the issues and some of the proposed that Nadia was working on less milestones. So that's super cool to. And then she's working with Anna, right, the front end in June. And we have a comment here, do you want to put it stand? Yeah, so I came up with a bunch of ideas for beautifying our UI, but our login page ended up taking the whole milestone. So I kind of have a bunch in that issue that if our any are interesting, Katie can kind of take them over. And but yeah, our login page went out. So that's really exciting. So you'll see a different login page now. I was like, oh my god, it's in production. I saw that earlier this week was nice. Yeah. Thanks for that. Thanks for the heads up there. And then I'll just read off Katie's second point. They're working through adding a banner to the product UI as a cause of actions for survey customers. Stretchable for package making pitching five. Erica, is that the good? I hope with that one a little bit. Yeah. So yeah, so tell me more about that. It's good. So they're working on the integration for package and how they're going to support that. And so they wanted to get just like tactical quantum data around which packages, which types of packages people wanted to import. And then like how large they are. And I think they're asking like a background question on company size. But that's when we don't want to do via email campaign because it will be hard to find that. But I think that would be really helpful and because we asked it in a more global way, which is not like just at that one. Artifactory migration. It should kind of help the team if they can get quantum data around like which one might be next based on what people are asking for. So that's smart. And this is going to be rolled out in both SAS and self hosted. Great. It should be. We should follow up. Thanks for making it about that. No, I'll be here. Erica. Thank you. That's it. Julio. Anything else? Any other comments on this one? I'll just jump to I'm reading out all the. Where's our team? People are going back to the all different time zones. So it's funny because we had everybody like online for a period of time. That was nice. Nadia. Let get lab and then Kevin, Kevin, come on. Bro, design it for growth. He's going to be covering for pipeline all three as a borrow until 15 eight. So we'll be allocate if 60% of this capacity. And I'll link here the transition for very pipeline all three. So if folks can see work. So Kevin will be tackling mostly the some of the research items. So Erica, they were pending order ongoing for pipeline, sponsoring. So he starts looking to this tomorrow and then he will start onboarding on the product stage next week. And there's already a plan with dove with the PM about what are the priorities. So we have where's that issue other than design issues for the CICG templates. So some validation for the catalog like the the EMO syntax right breaking down that one and also secrets management. Nadia finished up the jobs to be done. But then I know the dog wants to prioritize secrets management and then start with the design work. So you have to ramp up on that. So if you ask for anything and then just let me know also so I can we can help him out. But I think it's good to triple check if there is any research pending or if there is any if the plans for pipeline altering have changed. So if you need to know what's a path of because he's always making decisions right now. And then there's also solution validation for retrying trigger jobs. I don't think she has started. Nadia has started with that one yet. She just has the issue. So I was thinking I'm so glad that was so quick. Yay. We have the big blind up there. Yes. I was thinking that I would create an issue to like walk people through all their research to date. We have like a research program around the secrets. So good to know I don't have like three weeks. I'll do that next few days and then like link link Kevin and then I will also invite him. I set up a bi weekly meetings every two weeks with Dove. So I can also invite Kevin there. And then if he has any questions, I did get some resolution yesterday when I met with Dove about. It's the double negative, but it's like should we take the unmasking. A default the ability to unmask or asking. My default and Nadia had painted. And was wondering if we needed research and you had suggested to her that we might do it at coup con. But I resolved with Dove yesterday that we don't need research on that. And in part, I will be my announcement later. We have we were able to because of China's help and Nadia's help. We were able to use those pilots to just get great data. So we ran 11 participants in our secret workflow. And we saw that debugging specifically. They're using unprotected secret values. And they're using the CIC variables. So. While it's not good practice. We also want to alienate users. And one thing that one of them said. So the prompt in the study is like, what if we encrypted these values? What would you do? So that would be like the proxy for if they're inaccessible. And one of them was like, I'll file a ticket with GitLab. I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, we don't really need a mass amount of, uh, inflex in our tickets. Right. So, yeah. So, um, I'll find this specific. I will make a note to comment. Um, on the air to find issue. We don't need more research. Like we're just going to make it configurable. Whether or not the default. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And I think that when Jackie and I did the initial problem validation for sequest management, like two years ago, we all, I also remember hearing this type of feedback. That's why it's old Nadia like, Jackie and we're in America. Maybe we want to ask people if, I don't know, anything has changed. And then indeed, like vault and then sequest management. And that's why we want to separate CI variables from sacred. Yes. Don't use. Yeah. We're on the right path. And then also with our, with some of the changes in the survey, we're going to get quant data on the impact of them. Um, but just, just the fact that that one person was like, I'd file a ticket. So, we want to like, in place have the like documentation around what to do. And even the release program. Okay. Awesome. Um, Big main issue. I'll give some of my updates after everybody was through their items. But I also have contacts and I work on sequest management before. So I can help out there pointing out to whatever. Maybe historical knowledge that you are the team might need. But I'm not sure. I don't remember exactly. Don't talk me yesterday, the day before yesterday, but I don't know when he wants to scan. Any of the secrets work for design just yet. He has a, the team has all this large stuff to work on like the secrets. And then catalog and the trigger jobs and then trying to make a business space for something else. But I'll, I'll double check. And what one more update around this would be that. I saw that the engineering team was like wanting more. Preparation for being tagged and needing to respond to stuff. So to be proactive about that. I asked them if they could set aside a little time for planning. As we get. I think that's the thing. The plan is. The first or second week of November to set up a thing. Big, big, big small. Exercise around that. And those finding. With the idea that that's like low. That we think just brainstorm. And then we're going to do a thing. But it's like no, do it. Sting. Everyone can brainstorm. Then they can like let go and walk away. Okay. Yeah. Have you talked to Mark about that. Mark News. Okay. Yes. But let's close that. Another, but these are the three loops to close. Okay. That's good. Because yeah, that has been a challenge because they are. They're working on a lot of stuff. And then. And then. And then. There's no buffer to. To move into other things. Yeah. Okay. Let me know. Ping me in Slack and. And then Eric, if you need anything around that. And I also try to. I don't know. Do my magic. Hey. Yeah. Okay. So. Cool. Eric, do you want to cover the. The research parts go through. Wheels and. Your. And again, I think. I also want to tell you about that. I think that. I think that. I think that. I think that. I think that. So that he has a draft of his benchmark report, which is really good and exciting. And so, I'm sure he's really excited about that. Um, he also had the systems performance workshop. I think I was sick. I was sick. And so I missed it. But one of my things is to watch it. Follow up. And then I'm excited to see. Um, how that worked. Because I have been like, no, no, no, we should never do that. But I think it went really well. So I'm excited to watch it. We should maybe link to it. And then mine are just that we have these four reports on the secrets secrets in the workflow. So it's the debugging workflow creating a CI template. Creating a secrets policy and what happens when your block, when your MR is blocked because you have a secret value in there. And so with TLDR debugging, we need unprotected values. So we need to solve for that and it will create a bottleneck in that workflow, especially because the ops are usually the only ones who can access those values. So there's going to be a back and forth that will add time. And then we know that that's don't solve a bad best practice because they don't have time. And so we just want to solve for all those things. So that's the debugging. And then the MR report we want to look at. We kind of looked at what happens when your block. And now we want to look at when we go to coup con. And then we want to look at how we could unblock you in advance. Or like, and one of the things was that the team said. The create team said that they have something already in place to prevent secrets from going into a repository. But I don't know if our users knew about it. So I think that there's like a grander thing we need to do, which is as we roll out our secrets solution, we need to be like, and have you. And then we want to look at how we could solve these things. Right. Like, so it won't just be like, what dovantima working on. It'll be like our suite of offerings. So we can put those together based on these findings. And then part of the creating a secret policy, which I think is helpful for us and will be helpful for Kevin is to know that. And then we want to look at the secrets that as they're creating a policy. So there's like three drivers for the policy developers. Ops people or compliance requirements. And so because the ICT variables can be a secret or not a secret and explicit step for them is like, OK, is it a secret? It's not a my rodeo, but for the design, Cal people who are like trying to figure out what the elegant solution is. Maybe building on that decision process until we have a long term secret solution will be helpful. Right. So like if we think about how to clarify all that settings stuff. So it's not. So complex. Maybe you surface the complexity after there they have that decision. But this is why I'm always happy to hand off. The artistic or like the like design problems, but. So I think. Thanks, Erica. That's really helpful. And I think. And I did has put together also like some like there's an issue with a list of things around secrets that she thinks that she found relevant right to onboard the ramp up on that. I think we can follow up that on that with with Gavin. So see if there's anything else that he can consume any other information that it's more up to date, like what you're saying about the reports or yeah, just stuff that will be relevant, not just to build that like that knowledge of secrets, but here are the things that need to address now. And I think that's a really good thing to say, really that decision process. Because yeah, it should be simple. I remember I did the UX. I did a mature to scorecard with that jacket on vault integration. Many months ago. And no one could complete this core card with the scenarios because it was so complex to set things up. So yeah. We'll see. Anything else any only cool stuff. Actually, I want to have a comment that's what I want to talk about. So we're going to have three openings in our team team for open in soon. So for package for pipelining sites, we hire another designer. Gina will be moving to runner full time. So now she's played right by planning sites and runner. So Gina will move to runner and we have pipeline altering. So I'm working on the requirements for the roles, but once I have those open and we have the jobs postings, I'm going to share with our team. And she knows someone already that you think you can fit for our team, right? Send in my way. I'm going to tell them to prepare their team profiles and their CVs. Because yeah, so there'll be three new hires this year. Well, team is growing and we are actually. Yeah, exciting times. Any questions any other thoughts anything one should. I just have one thing to say about. I just want to say one thing about. I'm thinking that I have a like a gold project. That looks at the lifecycle of an image that we wanted to. We were planning for me to start executing on. And I'm meeting with Julian today to talk about research priorities, but maybe that's another reason to wait on that because we could bring that designer in. And we said also that they might hire a new PM for that. Yeah. So maybe that's like those two things are enough to make me. I mean, on the other hand, if I can pull it off myself, that might be helpful for them as they land. So, but I just wanted to say out loud, but that that made me debate more. If I should be on that. Yeah, checking with them. And then I'll say also make your recommendation, right? Because she's she's doing. And then I think it's a great covering for integrations anymore. And then I also don't know when we're going to backfill the role, right? It might be that we do like in a month or two or four months, hopefully not. But if it's a gold project and yeah, there was a plan to execute. This year, let's say. Then team, I think they would only to make some trade offs because Katie will only be at 50% of her capacity. And they're going to last ones. Just exactly why I said it out loud. Good job. And then also just to say like I think it's really great that Katie has like worked with us and then we'll do the amount thing because then it has really good. Tians with our team, right? Yeah. I also thought it was I just saw her integration stuff because she had a question in Slack. And I thought that was smart too. Well, it's like, oh, I got a bonnet. She's just making sure that we're like touching all that it's good. It's good though, because I think like we want to figure out how to cross. Oh, it's exciting. Awesome. It's a huge product that you kind of have to go to the other Emily. You know, Emily came from a complete different area, different perspective also. Yeah, it's difficult to know. No one knows everything, but it's also difficult to get in that context without actually working on that for the area. Yeah. Awesome. All right. I think I think that's that. You can let we'll know that we finish without him. We finish this. You don't. Yeah. And then I'll see you. I'll see you next time. Good. Bye. Bye.",
  "segments": [
    {
      "id": 0,
      "seek": 0,
      "start": 0.0,
      "end": 432.66,
      "text": "All , this is the CI CD, you had to be meeting for September 2lst. first off, some standing announcements in update. OK, our progress. , I left a comment here about the SUS, the S2 issues for package. There were plenty for l55. They're not be able to deliver that. She already left a comment in the mirror. I align on this. Emily, I know that for release, everything's already done. And I think we have a couple of issues open for pipeline altering. But I, yeah, what I just want to voice is if in the future, we are looking at OKRs that relate to SUS or issues that, yeah, we have a commitment to deliver. I think it's good to align with the stage groups with the teams that, if you're not improving the usability through the commitments of the OPR, then what is the improvement that the team is proposing, ? that's, we make sure that we're talking about a trade off and not, yeah, we de-prioritized things happen, but what's the plan to later prioritize those issues or the usability improvements or what are we, what are we trying to offer, ? I just want to put this comment there. But thanks, Katie, for giving the update. And then next up is a therapist assessment. It's coming up soon. They're launching mid-October, October, November, have the talent assessment logistic explodes exactly. It's TBD. I link here the handbook page. And I think they're also changing something in the process. I think the team member assessment is be optional. The manager is mandatory to member optional, but that might change, ? Another we are underproduct things might change in the process. the therapist, the manager is update you, but keep an eye, folks, in the page. And Katie's not here, but I'll make the announcement since this is come out. It's be a public knowledge soon. Katie is transition to the machine learning team. she applied internally and she's changing team should be managed by Tori, starting October. But she was still be covering for package half the per capacity until the backfill below. she was transitioning out in l5 to 6 because this milestone she's doing beautiful in her UI. But once that ends, she starts onboarding the new team and then supporting package until the backfill below. Which I'm getting very, very sad to see Katie go, but it's such a great opportunity. And I think she would do great in the machine learning team. ? Gina is not here today, but I'll just quickly go through her updates, run it fleet was evaluated at complete. That's huge, ? You can check the updates in the dovetail project. And then she has a basic comment here about. Brassie a job artifact file. They're be working on making it easy to find that file in this particular issue that she link here. we can find more details. What is that? Oh, it's an actual. It's an insight from feasibility. That's cool by the insights. . that's that Emily, do you want to take over for release? Yeah, I don't have much of an update. I'm catching up on a little over two weeks of PTO today. not much from the product to update, but I will be hosting another release office hours tomorrow with some focus on UX and front end. how community contributors can get UX feedback, front end feedback on their contributions. I'll have an update on how that goes on our next meeting, but excited because our last office hours had a pretty good turnout and people were open to asking questions and everything. . Looks Vittica is also not here and is on some time off today. . I think voice Katie comments as I mentioned, she's working on Vittica. Why this milestone and now that also the Nadia left. it's not as less than what's yesterday, ? Katie's taking over some of the issues and some of the proposed that Nadia was working on less milestones. that's super cool to. And then she's working with Anna, , the front end in June. And we have a comment here, do you want to put it stand? Yeah, I came up with a bunch of ideas for beautifying our UI, but our login page ended up taking the whole milestone. I have a bunch in that issue that if our any are interesting, Katie can take them over. And but yeah, our login page went out. that's really exciting. you'll see a different login page now. I was , oh my god, it's in production. I saw that earlier this week was nice. Yeah. Thanks for that. Thanks for the heads up there. And then I'll just read off Katie's second point. They're working through adding a banner to the product UI as a cause of actions for survey customers. Stretchable for package making pitching five. Erica, is that the good? I hope with that one a little bit. Yeah. yeah, tell me more about that. It's good. they're working on the integration for package and how they're support that. And they wanted to get just tactical quantum data around which packages, which types of packages people wanted to import. And then how large they are. And I think they're asking a background question on company size. But that's when we don't want to do via email campaign because it will be hard to find that. But I think that would be really helpful and because we asked it in a more global way, which is not just at that one. Artifactory migration. It should help the team if they can get quantum data around which one might be next based on what people are asking for. that's smart. And this is be rolled out in both SAS and self hosted. Great. It should be. We should follow up. Thanks for making it about that. No, I'll be here.",
      "tokens": [
        50364,
        1057,
        558,
        11,
        370,
        341,
        307,
        264,
        37777,
        6743,
        11,
        291,
        632,
        281,
        312,
        3440,
        337,
        7216,
        5080,
        372,
        13,
        50694
      ],
      "temperature": 0.0,
      "avg_logprob": -0.5466147368808962,
      "compression_ratio": 1.5021097046413503,
      "no_speech_prob": 0.1359768956899643
    },
    {
      "id": 102,
      "seek": 41442,
      "start": 436.66,
      "end": 1480.82,
      "text": "Erica. Thank you. That's it. Julio. Anything else? Any other comments on this one? I'll just jump to I'm reading out all the. Where's our team? People are going back to the all different time zones. it's funny because we had everybody online for a period of time. That was nice. Nadia. Let get lab and then Kevin, Kevin, come on. Bro, design it for growth. He's be covering for pipeline all three as a borrow until l5 eight. we'll be allocate if 6O% of this capacity. And I'll link here the transition for very pipeline all three. if folks can see work. Kevin will be tackling mostly the some of the research items. Erica, they were pending order ongoing for pipeline, sponsoring. he starts looking to this tomorrow and then he will start onboarding on the product stage next week. And there's already a plan with dove with the PM about what are the priorities. we have where's that issue other than design issues for the CICG templates. some validation for the catalog the the EMO syntax breaking down that one and also secrets management. Nadia finished up the jobs to be done. But then I know the dog wants to prioritize secrets management and then start with the design work. you have to ramp up on that. if you ask for anything and then just know also I can we can help him out. But I think it's good to triple check if there is any research pending or if there is any if the plans for pipeline altering have changed. if you need to know what's a path of because he's always making decisions now. And then there's also solution validation for retrying trigger jobs. I don't think she has started. Nadia has started with that one yet. She just has the issue. I was thinking I'm glad that was quick. Yay. We have the big blind up there. Yes. I was thinking that I would create an issue to walk people through all their research to date. We have a research program around the secrets. good to know I don't have three weeks. I'll do that next few days and then link link Kevin and then I will also invite him. I set up a bi weekly meetings every two weeks with Dove. I can also invite Kevin there. And then if he has any questions, I did get some resolution yesterday when I met with Dove about. It's the double negative, but it's should we take the unmasking. A default the ability to unmask or asking. My default and Nadia had painted. And was wondering if we needed research and you had suggested to her that we might do it at coup con. But I resolved with Dove yesterday that we don't need research on that. And in part, I will be my announcement later. We have we were able to because of China's help and Nadia's help. We were able to use those pilots to just get great data. we ran ll participants in our secret workflow. And we saw that debugging specifically. They're using unprotected secret values. And they're using the CIC variables. . While it's not good practice. We also want to alienate users. And one thing that one of them said. the prompt in the study is , what if we encrypted these values? What would you do? that would be the proxy for if they're inaccessible. And one of them was , I'll file a ticket with GitLab. I'm , I'm , I'm , I'm , I'm , we don't really need a mass amount of, , inflex in our tickets. . , yeah. , , I'll find this specific. I will make a note to comment. , on the air to find issue. We don't need more research. we're just make it configurable. Whether or not the default. Yeah. . Yeah. And I think that when Jackie and I did the initial problem validation for sequest management, two years ago, we all, I also remember hearing this type of feedback. That's why it's old Nadia , Jackie and we're in America. Maybe we want to ask people if, I don't know, anything has changed. And then indeed, vault and then sequest management. And that's why we want to separate CI variables from sacred. Yes. Don't use. Yeah. We're on the path. And then also with our, with some of the changes in the survey, get quant data on the impact of them. , but just, just the fact that that one person was , I'd file a ticket. , we want to , in place have the documentation around what to do. And even the release program. . Awesome. , Big main issue. I'll give some of my updates after everybody was through their items. But I also have contacts and I work on sequest management before. I can help out there pointing out to whatever. Maybe historical knowledge that you are the team might need. But I'm not sure. I don't remember exactly. Don't talk me yesterday, the day before yesterday, but I don't know when he wants to scan. Any of the secrets work for design just yet. He has a, the team has all this large stuff to work on the secrets. And then catalog and the trigger jobs and then trying to make a business space for something else. But I'll, I'll double check. And what one more update around this would be that. I saw that the engineering team was wanting more. Preparation for being tagged and needing to respond to stuff. to be proactive about that. I asked them if they could set aside a little time for planning. As we get. I think that's the thing. The plan is. The first or second week of November to set up a thing. Big, big, big small. Exercise around that. And those finding. With the idea that that's low. That we think just brainstorm. And then do a thing. But it's no, do it. Sting. Everyone can brainstorm. Then they can let go and walk away. . Yeah. Have you talked to Mark about that. Mark News. . Yes. But let's close that. Another, but these are the three loops to close. . That's good. Because yeah, that has been a challenge because they are. They're working on a lot of stuff. And then. And then. And then. There's no buffer to. To move into other things. Yeah. . know. Ping me in Slack and. And then Eric, if you need anything around that. And I also try to. I don't know. Do my magic. Hey. Yeah. . . Cool. Eric, do you want to cover the. The research parts go through. Wheels and. Your. And again, I think. I also want to tell you about that. I think that. I think that. I think that. I think that. I think that. that he has a draft of his benchmark report, which is really good and exciting. And , I'm sure he's really excited about that. , he also had the systems performance workshop. I think I was sick. I was sick. And I missed it. But one of my things is to watch it. Follow up. And then I'm excited to see. , how that worked. Because I have been , no, no, no, we should never do that. But I think it went really . I'm excited to watch it. We should maybe link to it. And then mine are just that we have these four reports on the secrets secrets in the workflow. it's the debugging workflow creating a CI template. Creating a secrets policy and what happens when your block, when your MR is blocked because you have a secret value in there. And with TLDR debugging, we need unprotected values. we need to solve for that and it will create a bottleneck in that workflow, especially because the ops are usually the only ones who can access those values. there's be a back and forth that will add time. And then we know that that's don't solve a bad best practice because they don't have time. And we just want to solve for all those things. that's the debugging. And then the MR report we want to look at. We looked at what happens when your block. And now we want to look at when we go to coup con. And then we want to look at how we could unblock you in advance. Or , and one of the things was that the team said. The create team said that they have something already in place to prevent secrets from going into a repository. But I don't know if our users knew about it. I think that there's a grander thing we need to do, which is as we roll out our secrets solution, we need to be , and have you. And then we want to look at how we could solve these things. . , it won't just be , what dovantima working on. It'll be our suite of offerings. we can put those together based on these findings. And then part of the creating a secret policy, which I think is helpful for us and will be helpful for Kevin is to know that. And then we want to look at the secrets that as they're creating a policy. there's three drivers for the policy developers. Ops people or compliance requirements. And because the ICT variables can be a secret or not a secret and explicit step for them is , OK, is it a secret? It's not a my rodeo, but for the design, Cal people who are trying to figure out what the elegant solution is. Maybe building on that decision process until we have a long term secret solution will be helpful. . if we think about how to clarify all that settings stuff. it's not. complex. Maybe you surface the complexity after there they have that decision. But this is why I'm always happy to hand off. The artistic or the design problems, but. I think. Thanks, Erica. That's really helpful. And I think. And I did has put together also some there's an issue with a list of things around secrets that she thinks that she found relevant to onboard the ramp up on that. I think we can follow up that on that with with Gavin. see if there's anything else that he can consume any other information that it's more up to date, what you're saying about the reports or yeah, just stuff that will be relevant, not just to build that that knowledge of secrets, but here are the things that need to address now. And I think that's a really good thing to say, really that decision process. Because yeah, it should be simple. I remember I did the UX. I did a mature to scorecard with that jacket on vault integration. Many months ago. And no one could complete this core card with the scenarios because it was complex to set things up. yeah. We'll see. Anything else any only cool stuff. , I want to have a comment that's what I want to talk about. have three openings in our team team for open in soon. for package for pipelining sites, we hire another designer. Gina will be moving to runner full time. now she's played by planning sites and runner. Gina will move to runner and we have pipeline altering. I'm working on the requirements for the roles, but once I have those open and we have the jobs postings, share with our team. And she knows someone already that you think you can fit for our team, ? Send in my way. tell them to prepare their team profiles and their CVs. Because yeah, there'll be three new hires this year. , team is growing and we are . Yeah, exciting times. Any questions any other thoughts anything one should. I just have one thing to say about. I just want to say one thing about. I'm thinking that I have a a gold project. That looks at the lifecycle of an image that we wanted to. We were planning for me to start executing on. And I'm meeting with Julian today to talk about research priorities, but maybe that's another reason to wait on that because we could bring that designer in. And we said also that they might hire a new PM for that. Yeah. maybe that's those two things are enough to make me. , on the other hand, if I can pull it off myself, that might be helpful for them as they land. , but I just wanted to say out loud, but that that made me debate more. If I should be on that. Yeah, checking with them. And then I'll say also make your recommendation, ? Because she's she's doing. And then I think it's a great covering for integrations anymore. And then I also don't know when backfill the role, ? It might be that we do in a month or two or four months, hopefully not. But if it's a gold project and yeah, there was a plan to execute. This year, let's say. Then team, I think they would only to make some trade offs because Katie will only be at 5O% of her capacity. And they're last ones. Just exactly why I said it out loud. Good job. And then also just to say I think it's really great that Katie has worked with us and then we'll do the amount thing because then it has really good. Tians with our team, ? Yeah. I also thought it was I just saw her integration stuff because she had a question in Slack. And I thought that was smart too. , it's , oh, I got a bonnet. She's just making sure that we're touching all that it's good. It's good though, because I think we want to figure out how to cross. Oh, it's exciting. Awesome. It's a huge product that you have to go to the other Emily. , Emily came from a complete different area, different perspective also. Yeah, it's difficult to know. No one knows everything, but it's also difficult to get in that context without working on that for the area. Yeah. Awesome. All . I think I think that's that. You can let we'll know that we finish without him. We finish this. You don't. Yeah. And then I'll see you. I'll see you next time. Good. Bye. Bye.",
      "tokens": [
        51476,
        37429,
        13,
        51532
      ],
      "temperature": 0.0,
      "avg_logprob": -0.6346321731317238,
      "compression_ratio": 1.27007299270073,
      "no_speech_prob": 0.001958476146683097
    }
  ],
  "full_text": "All , this is the CI CD, you had to be meeting for September 2lst. first off, some standing announcements in update. OK, our progress. , I left a comment here about the SUS, the S2 issues for package. There were plenty for l55. They're not be able to deliver that. She already left a comment in the mirror. I align on this. Emily, I know that for release, everything's already done. And I think we have a couple of issues open for pipeline altering. But I, yeah, what I just want to voice is if in the future, we are looking at OKRs that relate to SUS or issues that, yeah, we have a commitment to deliver. I think it's good to align with the stage groups with the teams that, if you're not improving the usability through the commitments of the OPR, then what is the improvement that the team is proposing, ? that's, we make sure that we're talking about a trade off and not, yeah, we de-prioritized things happen, but what's the plan to later prioritize those issues or the usability improvements or what are we, what are we trying to offer, ? I just want to put this comment there. But thanks, Katie, for giving the update. And then next up is a therapist assessment. It's coming up soon. They're launching mid-October, October, November, have the talent assessment logistic explodes exactly. It's TBD. I link here the handbook page. And I think they're also changing something in the process. I think the team member assessment is be optional. The manager is mandatory to member optional, but that might change, ? Another we are underproduct things might change in the process. the therapist, the manager is update you, but keep an eye, folks, in the page. And Katie's not here, but I'll make the announcement since this is come out. It's be a public knowledge soon. Katie is transition to the machine learning team. she applied internally and she's changing team should be managed by Tori, starting October. But she was still be covering for package half the per capacity until the backfill below. she was transitioning out in l5 to 6 because this milestone she's doing beautiful in her UI. But once that ends, she starts onboarding the new team and then supporting package until the backfill below. Which I'm getting very, very sad to see Katie go, but it's such a great opportunity. And I think she would do great in the machine learning team. ? Gina is not here today, but I'll just quickly go through her updates, run it fleet was evaluated at complete. That's huge, ? You can check the updates in the dovetail project. And then she has a basic comment here about. Brassie a job artifact file. They're be working on making it easy to find that file in this particular issue that she link here. we can find more details. What is that? Oh, it's an actual. It's an insight from feasibility. That's cool by the insights. . that's that Emily, do you want to take over for release? Yeah, I don't have much of an update. I'm catching up on a little over two weeks of PTO today. not much from the product to update, but I will be hosting another release office hours tomorrow with some focus on UX and front end. how community contributors can get UX feedback, front end feedback on their contributions. I'll have an update on how that goes on our next meeting, but excited because our last office hours had a pretty good turnout and people were open to asking questions and everything. . Looks Vittica is also not here and is on some time off today. . I think voice Katie comments as I mentioned, she's working on Vittica. Why this milestone and now that also the Nadia left. it's not as less than what's yesterday, ? Katie's taking over some of the issues and some of the proposed that Nadia was working on less milestones. that's super cool to. And then she's working with Anna, , the front end in June. And we have a comment here, do you want to put it stand? Yeah, I came up with a bunch of ideas for beautifying our UI, but our login page ended up taking the whole milestone. I have a bunch in that issue that if our any are interesting, Katie can take them over. And but yeah, our login page went out. that's really exciting. you'll see a different login page now. I was , oh my god, it's in production. I saw that earlier this week was nice. Yeah. Thanks for that. Thanks for the heads up there. And then I'll just read off Katie's second point. They're working through adding a banner to the product UI as a cause of actions for survey customers. Stretchable for package making pitching five. Erica, is that the good? I hope with that one a little bit. Yeah. yeah, tell me more about that. It's good. they're working on the integration for package and how they're support that. And they wanted to get just tactical quantum data around which packages, which types of packages people wanted to import. And then how large they are. And I think they're asking a background question on company size. But that's when we don't want to do via email campaign because it will be hard to find that. But I think that would be really helpful and because we asked it in a more global way, which is not just at that one. Artifactory migration. It should help the team if they can get quantum data around which one might be next based on what people are asking for. that's smart. And this is be rolled out in both SAS and self hosted. Great. It should be. We should follow up. Thanks for making it about that. No, I'll be here. Erica. Thank you. That's it. Julio. Anything else? Any other comments on this one? I'll just jump to I'm reading out all the. Where's our team? People are going back to the all different time zones. it's funny because we had everybody online for a period of time. That was nice. Nadia. Let get lab and then Kevin, Kevin, come on. Bro, design it for growth. He's be covering for pipeline all three as a borrow until l5 eight. we'll be allocate if 6O% of this capacity. And I'll link here the transition for very pipeline all three. if folks can see work. Kevin will be tackling mostly the some of the research items. Erica, they were pending order ongoing for pipeline, sponsoring. he starts looking to this tomorrow and then he will start onboarding on the product stage next week. And there's already a plan with dove with the PM about what are the priorities. we have where's that issue other than design issues for the CICG templates. some validation for the catalog the the EMO syntax breaking down that one and also secrets management. Nadia finished up the jobs to be done. But then I know the dog wants to prioritize secrets management and then start with the design work. you have to ramp up on that. if you ask for anything and then just know also I can we can help him out. But I think it's good to triple check if there is any research pending or if there is any if the plans for pipeline altering have changed. if you need to know what's a path of because he's always making decisions now. And then there's also solution validation for retrying trigger jobs. I don't think she has started. Nadia has started with that one yet. She just has the issue. I was thinking I'm glad that was quick. Yay. We have the big blind up there. Yes. I was thinking that I would create an issue to walk people through all their research to date. We have a research program around the secrets. good to know I don't have three weeks. I'll do that next few days and then link link Kevin and then I will also invite him. I set up a bi weekly meetings every two weeks with Dove. I can also invite Kevin there. And then if he has any questions, I did get some resolution yesterday when I met with Dove about. It's the double negative, but it's should we take the unmasking. A default the ability to unmask or asking. My default and Nadia had painted. And was wondering if we needed research and you had suggested to her that we might do it at coup con. But I resolved with Dove yesterday that we don't need research on that. And in part, I will be my announcement later. We have we were able to because of China's help and Nadia's help. We were able to use those pilots to just get great data. we ran ll participants in our secret workflow. And we saw that debugging specifically. They're using unprotected secret values. And they're using the CIC variables. . While it's not good practice. We also want to alienate users. And one thing that one of them said. the prompt in the study is , what if we encrypted these values? What would you do? that would be the proxy for if they're inaccessible. And one of them was , I'll file a ticket with GitLab. I'm , I'm , I'm , I'm , I'm , we don't really need a mass amount of, , inflex in our tickets. . , yeah. , , I'll find this specific. I will make a note to comment. , on the air to find issue. We don't need more research. we're just make it configurable. Whether or not the default. Yeah. . Yeah. And I think that when Jackie and I did the initial problem validation for sequest management, two years ago, we all, I also remember hearing this type of feedback. That's why it's old Nadia , Jackie and we're in America. Maybe we want to ask people if, I don't know, anything has changed. And then indeed, vault and then sequest management. And that's why we want to separate CI variables from sacred. Yes. Don't use. Yeah. We're on the path. And then also with our, with some of the changes in the survey, get quant data on the impact of them. , but just, just the fact that that one person was , I'd file a ticket. , we want to , in place have the documentation around what to do. And even the release program. . Awesome. , Big main issue. I'll give some of my updates after everybody was through their items. But I also have contacts and I work on sequest management before. I can help out there pointing out to whatever. Maybe historical knowledge that you are the team might need. But I'm not sure. I don't remember exactly. Don't talk me yesterday, the day before yesterday, but I don't know when he wants to scan. Any of the secrets work for design just yet. He has a, the team has all this large stuff to work on the secrets. And then catalog and the trigger jobs and then trying to make a business space for something else. But I'll, I'll double check. And what one more update around this would be that. I saw that the engineering team was wanting more. Preparation for being tagged and needing to respond to stuff. to be proactive about that. I asked them if they could set aside a little time for planning. As we get. I think that's the thing. The plan is. The first or second week of November to set up a thing. Big, big, big small. Exercise around that. And those finding. With the idea that that's low. That we think just brainstorm. And then do a thing. But it's no, do it. Sting. Everyone can brainstorm. Then they can let go and walk away. . Yeah. Have you talked to Mark about that. Mark News. . Yes. But let's close that. Another, but these are the three loops to close. . That's good. Because yeah, that has been a challenge because they are. They're working on a lot of stuff. And then. And then. And then. There's no buffer to. To move into other things. Yeah. . know. Ping me in Slack and. And then Eric, if you need anything around that. And I also try to. I don't know. Do my magic. Hey. Yeah. . . Cool. Eric, do you want to cover the. The research parts go through. Wheels and. Your. And again, I think. I also want to tell you about that. I think that. I think that. I think that. I think that. I think that. that he has a draft of his benchmark report, which is really good and exciting. And , I'm sure he's really excited about that. , he also had the systems performance workshop. I think I was sick. I was sick. And I missed it. But one of my things is to watch it. Follow up. And then I'm excited to see. , how that worked. Because I have been , no, no, no, we should never do that. But I think it went really . I'm excited to watch it. We should maybe link to it. And then mine are just that we have these four reports on the secrets secrets in the workflow. it's the debugging workflow creating a CI template. Creating a secrets policy and what happens when your block, when your MR is blocked because you have a secret value in there. And with TLDR debugging, we need unprotected values. we need to solve for that and it will create a bottleneck in that workflow, especially because the ops are usually the only ones who can access those values. there's be a back and forth that will add time. And then we know that that's don't solve a bad best practice because they don't have time. And we just want to solve for all those things. that's the debugging. And then the MR report we want to look at. We looked at what happens when your block. And now we want to look at when we go to coup con. And then we want to look at how we could unblock you in advance. Or , and one of the things was that the team said. The create team said that they have something already in place to prevent secrets from going into a repository. But I don't know if our users knew about it. I think that there's a grander thing we need to do, which is as we roll out our secrets solution, we need to be , and have you. And then we want to look at how we could solve these things. . , it won't just be , what dovantima working on. It'll be our suite of offerings. we can put those together based on these findings. And then part of the creating a secret policy, which I think is helpful for us and will be helpful for Kevin is to know that. And then we want to look at the secrets that as they're creating a policy. there's three drivers for the policy developers. Ops people or compliance requirements. And because the ICT variables can be a secret or not a secret and explicit step for them is , OK, is it a secret? It's not a my rodeo, but for the design, Cal people who are trying to figure out what the elegant solution is. Maybe building on that decision process until we have a long term secret solution will be helpful. . if we think about how to clarify all that settings stuff. it's not. complex. Maybe you surface the complexity after there they have that decision. But this is why I'm always happy to hand off. The artistic or the design problems, but. I think. Thanks, Erica. That's really helpful. And I think. And I did has put together also some there's an issue with a list of things around secrets that she thinks that she found relevant to onboard the ramp up on that. I think we can follow up that on that with with Gavin. see if there's anything else that he can consume any other information that it's more up to date, what you're saying about the reports or yeah, just stuff that will be relevant, not just to build that that knowledge of secrets, but here are the things that need to address now. And I think that's a really good thing to say, really that decision process. Because yeah, it should be simple. I remember I did the UX. I did a mature to scorecard with that jacket on vault integration. Many months ago. And no one could complete this core card with the scenarios because it was complex to set things up. yeah. We'll see. Anything else any only cool stuff. , I want to have a comment that's what I want to talk about. have three openings in our team team for open in soon. for package for pipelining sites, we hire another designer. Gina will be moving to runner full time. now she's played by planning sites and runner. Gina will move to runner and we have pipeline altering. I'm working on the requirements for the roles, but once I have those open and we have the jobs postings, share with our team. And she knows someone already that you think you can fit for our team, ? Send in my way. tell them to prepare their team profiles and their CVs. Because yeah, there'll be three new hires this year. , team is growing and we are . Yeah, exciting times. Any questions any other thoughts anything one should. I just have one thing to say about. I just want to say one thing about. I'm thinking that I have a a gold project. That looks at the lifecycle of an image that we wanted to. We were planning for me to start executing on. And I'm meeting with Julian today to talk about research priorities, but maybe that's another reason to wait on that because we could bring that designer in. And we said also that they might hire a new PM for that. Yeah. maybe that's those two things are enough to make me. , on the other hand, if I can pull it off myself, that might be helpful for them as they land. , but I just wanted to say out loud, but that that made me debate more. If I should be on that. Yeah, checking with them. And then I'll say also make your recommendation, ? Because she's she's doing. And then I think it's a great covering for integrations anymore. And then I also don't know when backfill the role, ? It might be that we do in a month or two or four months, hopefully not. But if it's a gold project and yeah, there was a plan to execute. This year, let's say. Then team, I think they would only to make some trade offs because Katie will only be at 5O% of her capacity. And they're last ones. Just exactly why I said it out loud. Good job. And then also just to say I think it's really great that Katie has worked with us and then we'll do the amount thing because then it has really good. Tians with our team, ? Yeah. I also thought it was I just saw her integration stuff because she had a question in Slack. And I thought that was smart too. , it's , oh, I got a bonnet. She's just making sure that we're touching all that it's good. It's good though, because I think we want to figure out how to cross. Oh, it's exciting. Awesome. It's a huge product that you have to go to the other Emily. , Emily came from a complete different area, different perspective also. Yeah, it's difficult to know. No one knows everything, but it's also difficult to get in that context without working on that for the area. Yeah. Awesome. All . I think I think that's that. You can let we'll know that we finish without him. We finish this. You don't. Yeah. And then I'll see you. I'll see you next time. Good. Bye. Bye.",
  "word_count": 3440,
  "segment_count": 2,
  "cleaned_at": "2025-10-27T16:24:47.845486"
}