{
  "title": "CI/CD UX Meeting - 08/02/2023",
  "video_id": "PZDq9fY2ex0",
  "url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PZDq9fY2ex0",
  "transcript": " Hey everyone, this is the CICD UX meeting on August 2nd, starting with our standard topics with the HANA one and to mention the Q3 OKRs are being defined and will be available soon. So she'll share more info once the details are known. But two of the OKRs might center around the UX department completing the neurodiversity training and resolving usability benchmarking findings across verify. So does anyone have any questions about those two? Awesome. So then we'll move into the product design section. I can voice HANA's because there's important notice here about how she'll be providing coverage which were at 20%. So hands on design work, milestone reviews and team rituals. And this will continue until that role is backfilled. And they expect to onboard five customers to get led dedicated by the end of Q3, which puts a focus on the UX. So during this period, if you need support or she's blocking in any way, please be explicit about what's needed and you can ping DM on Slack. So we'll go back to the question for where she's most responsive. And then currently working on email notifications and the onboarding flow gathering requirements to improve design proposals for the deployments page for such word. So lots of updates to existing work and that'll be kind of where her focus time will be. And she shared a customer call from switchboard on Monday. So I think I'm next. Oh, yeah. If anyone has any questions, yeah, Gina, you can start. Okay. I have attached a report that I wrote up about the mental model research study. So a lot of good insights that came out of it. I'm working on recording like a video and sending it out today explaining a summary of that as well. But right now, one of our next steps is to run another survey, which is in progress and already have some data from it to finalize the terms that we use to explain the concept buckets. And then we're also asking users where they use those things and their workflows. And then we'll help us to get a better idea of really what they think those words are. And then we can also use that to look at like pain points within the workflows. That they bring up. And then the next item is that our next big thing for runners to look at runner cost visibility, which is focusing on users who bring their own runners. We're not going to be touching shared runners on sass because we use like our own pricing method for those users. And an example of this is like if you create a runner through AWS will provide you visibility into how much that runner is costing you like the machine and to run the jobs and everything. So I attached the issue there. Darren added like a ton of details and we're just going to work on scoping it down. But I talked with the team today and we're going to run a think big and think small on this because my goal is to have the process of getting the first iteration for this feature out faster than what we did for the NBC dashboard. So I think I'm next if no one has any questions. So I'm just making progress this week on updating kind of artifacts for design sprints, starting with issue templates and slide decks that you can reuse during the sprints. Just let me know if there's anything design sprint related. You'd like to see template it out and I'll try and get to work on some of those. So some of the ones I haven't gotten to our each day of the sprint those issue templates as well as I'm going to make videos that you can share asynchronously on how to conduct sort of these activities or the homework we were calling. So there's a few things I'm still working on, but just wanted to share progress on that. The second thing being our we did internal research on populating a service list two weeks ago. Now we're doing external research. The good news is the results from both internal and external are really aligning. We're seeing a lot of the same feedback from both, which is great. So we're hoping to wrap that up in the next few weeks and move on to prototyping and MVC approach from this. That's a good thing that they're aligning. Yeah, that's so we were worried about we were like, I hope GitLab isn't using GitLab differently enough. That the results will differ, but there's a lot of the same things, which is really great. Okay, there are no questions I can proceed with mine. So first of all, thank you everyone for providing feedback last week on the secrets. POC prototype and you'll now find a revised design on the same Figma file. The next step for me is to create an interactive prototype and share the link with everybody who has signed up for the only adopter program for secrets. And then we'll just keep our fingers crossed to see what kind of feedback closing. So I think that's a big thing that has that is about to be wrapped up this week. So now I can start looking at see a job token and variable work again. Yeah, besides that I had a chat with the application security team here at GitLab. I as an I organized a meeting with our engineering manager, product manager, the security engineer from AppSec in myself. It was really interesting. So I try to understand like how is it that they are currently like there. How are their workflows really to secrets being fulfilled today with the current set of features that we are offering and they kind of walk us through it and also contributed to the user story map that we've been working with. So we definitely have to keep in mind. One of the learnings was that we have to keep in mind the special kind of responsibilities or special permissions that any security. Any any individual responsible for taking care of the security in any team organization. It would be requiring and that's going to differ a little from what we are going to be thinking for maintenance owners. So yeah, this was a really good meeting for us. And that's all. If you don't have any other question, I can move on to mine. I don't have so much to share for this week. So we had a meeting last week and this is this issue that I think here is the outcome. So we decided to take a step back and then just like let's just forget about like everything and then we just focus on the user flow and then their context. And then see what is the best solution for them and then in which context are they starting to author the C I am on pipeline or maybe they want to come into the C I am. And then maybe they want to just make some edit and then probably that's the point that they started looking into the C I template component. So I like to just list down all the possible context and then make a journey map for each work. Well, as things like Gina has one question. Do you want to verbalize your question, Gina? Yeah, it's a little it's kind of related. I guess I just had a question on the progress of the C I city catalog in the navigation effort because I saw on that page now that foundation team isn't allowing navigation changes until January. And I was wondering like how that impacts your team progress. I think of course it's I don't know at this point because we already decided to take a step back and then I based on the outcome that I come up with like with the journey map or whatever design. So I'm going to discuss okay, which is the best placement. So the short answer would be no, I guess. So from my understanding so okay. The project navigation is the best location for this reasons. Then that means we can still as for the request for the foundation team and then have those conversation back with better backup from the UX perspective and then also from the UXR perspective. So I I didn't think it will be block her for us, but at this point where you just like decided, okay, let's like a huge step back. So I don't know if you look or not to answer your question. Yeah, that does. One of the things I'm in our team call her runner today, we were bringing up the fact that our project runners views and settings and everywhere else it's in the navigation like in build or an admin area it's still called C I city but same thing. And I was like, yeah, I mentioned that your team pipeline authoring is like going through this and it's been quite a struggle. And yeah, I'm just I'm a little nervous, considering what I've seen from the stuff that you've gone through already. So I might end up talking to you more about it, depending on I might create an issue, just get like their input so far, because someone actually commented about it on the navigation feedback issue. They're like, why is runner still in settings for project when it's not in any of the other views. So maybe that helps. But we'll see. So my suggestion that we may be used already started to getting more numbers and data and also those verbal feedback from users and then just be ready to have those conversation with the foundation. And once you're really sure about like, okay, this is the good place for the runner. Yeah, that would be my only suggestion. Thank you. I should also going to come in. So I'm going to join the band in a while. Yeah. And I think to Gina's point that most things that we are placing in CICD settings, I'm not like very aware of what's happening with the other settings option, but with CICD settings. Those particular items are facing discoverability, discovery, validity issues. And I think we just need to see that what we can do. And it's impacting kind of selling personal the item that's inside the settings. So it's not just about runners and variables. It's about like, how can we collectively improve the visibility of those items overall. And yeah, it would be a great chance for us to collaborate on this. Yeah, totally agree. Yeah, I just wanted to add to that that are protected environment settings are there and we've had a lot of like user feedback that no one can find are protected environment settings. So. Oh, yeah. Yeah, I remember that looking at that one is pretty deep in the setting. Yeah. It's deep and it also is sitting in an area that people are expecting it to be in and it's not linking you can't link it to the edit or just we recently started linking it from the edit environment. But before you go to edit environment and it wouldn't be there. So that was even more confusing. I have an observation there that in most of the other products because we did a competitive evaluation recently. So I was just like passively looking at their many options. Our like anything that's pleased under settings in any of these sections. I actually cascading in two steps and that's not the case with other products. They have their settings navigation separate from like everything altogether. So it doesn't feel like everything is very hidden. You mean they have it like in a separate like almost. Yeah, I mean. Yeah, and the one thing I noticed is sometimes we just put things like to configure also inside the setting. And is it really studying for is it something to configure. And yeah, that's sometimes confusing to me. So maybe this is a good opportunity for all of us to. I don't know to some fun work like fittings you why version to. Well, yeah, we even talked about just removing protected environments from the settings and just moving it into the edit environments page because they're like that makes so much more sense. Actually, actually, those. And then maybe have an overview and settings, but like I don't know it's for us. It doesn't quite make sense why it's sitting there. Just some different kind of semantic grouping like for example, verbals tokens secrets, they would all be kind of managed the same way, but they'll be scattered all across even if it's on the same page. Let's see. Well, think of something. Yeah. Just wanted if there are any other. It looks like research is both away this week, so I don't think we'll have anything from them. Well, does anyone else have any other questions if not we can end this slightly earlier. Good. The friend has a great rest of your day. Bye. Bye.",
  "segments": [
    {
      "id": 0,
      "seek": 0,
      "start": 0.0,
      "end": 106.24,
      "text": "Hey everyone, this is the CICD UX meeting on August 2nd, starting with our standard topics with the HANA one and to mention the Q3 OKRs are being defined and will be available soon. she'll share more info once the details are known. But two of the OKRs might center around the UX department completing the neurodiversity training and resolving usability benchmarking findings across verify. does anyone have any questions about those two? Awesome. then we'll move into the product design section. I can voice HANA's because there's important notice here about how she'll be providing coverage which were at 2O%. hands on design work, milestone reviews and team rituals. And this will continue until that role is backfilled. And they expect to onboard five customers to get led dedicated by the end of Q3, which puts a focus on the UX. during this period, if you need support or she's blocking in any way, please be explicit about what's needed and you can ping DM on Slack. we'll go back to the question for where she's most responsive. And then currently working on email notifications and the onboarding flow gathering requirements to improve design proposals for the deployments page for such word. lots of updates to existing work and that'll be where her focus time will be. And she shared a customer call from switchboard on Monday.",
      "tokens": [
        50364,
        1911,
        1518,
        11,
        341,
        307,
        264,
        383,
        2532,
        35,
        40176,
        3440,
        322,
        6897,
        568,
        273,
        11,
        2891,
        365,
        527,
        3832,
        8378,
        50882
      ],
      "temperature": 0.0,
      "avg_logprob": -0.27139452525547575,
      "compression_ratio": 1.454954954954955,
      "no_speech_prob": 0.0442340224981308
    },
    {
      "id": 18,
      "seek": 11024,
      "start": 110.24,
      "end": 238.24,
      "text": "I think I'm next. Oh, yeah. If anyone has any questions, yeah, Gina, you can start. . I have attached a report that I wrote up about the mental model research study. a lot of good insights that came out of it. I'm working on recording a video and sending it out today explaining a summary of that as . But now, one of our next steps is to run another survey, which is in progress and already have some data from it to finalize the terms that we use to explain the concept buckets. And then we're also asking users where they use those things and their workflows. And then we'll help us to get a better idea of really what they think those words are. And then we can also use that to look at pain points within the workflows. That they bring up. And then the next item is that our next big thing for runners to look at runner cost visibility, which is focusing on users who bring their own runners. We're not be touching shared runners on sass because we use our own pricing method for those users. And an example of this is if you create a runner through AWS will provide you visibility into how much that runner is costing you the machine and to run the jobs and everything. I attached the issue there. Darren added a ton of details and we're just work on scoping it down. But I talked with the team today and run a think big and think small on this because my goal is to have the process of getting the first iteration for this feature out faster than what we did for the NBC dashboard.",
      "tokens": [
        50364,
        407,
        286,
        519,
        286,
        478,
        958,
        13,
        50614
      ],
      "temperature": 0.0,
      "avg_logprob": -0.2999978845769709,
      "compression_ratio": 1.2932330827067668,
      "no_speech_prob": 0.014428306370973587
    },
    {
      "id": 36,
      "seek": 24324,
      "start": 243.24,
      "end": 319.24,
      "text": "I think I'm next if no one has any questions. I'm just making progress this week on updating artifacts for design sprints, starting with issue templates and slide decks that you can reuse during the sprints. Just know if there's anything design sprint related. You'd to see template it out and I'll try and get to work on some of those. some of the ones I haven't gotten to our each day of the sprint those issue templates as as make videos that you can share asynchronously on how to conduct these activities or the homework we were calling. there's a few things I'm still working on, but just wanted to share progress on that. The second thing being our we did internal research on populating a service list two weeks ago. Now we're doing external research. The good news is the results from both internal and external are really aligning. We're seeing a lot of the same feedback from both, which is great. we're hoping to wrap that up in the next few weeks and move on to prototyping and MVC approach from this.",
      "tokens": [
        50364,
        407,
        286,
        519,
        286,
        478,
        958,
        498,
        572,
        472,
        575,
        604,
        1651,
        13,
        50914
      ],
      "temperature": 0.0,
      "avg_logprob": -0.21838395100719524,
      "compression_ratio": 1.4350649350649352,
      "no_speech_prob": 0.012609689496457577
    },
    {
      "id": 43,
      "seek": 32324,
      "start": 323.24,
      "end": 972.24,
      "text": "That's a good thing that they're aligning. Yeah, that's we were worried about we were , I hope GitLab isn't using GitLab differently enough. That the results will differ, but there's a lot of the same things, which is really great. , there are no questions I can proceed with mine. first of all, thank you everyone for providing feedback last week on the secrets. POC prototype and you'll now find a revised design on the same Figma file. The next step for me is to create an interactive prototype and share the link with everybody who has signed up for the only adopter program for secrets. And then we'll just keep our fingers crossed to see what feedback closing. I think that's a big thing that has that is about to be wrapped up this week. now I can start looking at see a job token and variable work again. Yeah, besides that I had a chat with the application security team here at GitLab. I as an I organized a meeting with our engineering manager, product manager, the security engineer from AppSec in myself. It was really interesting. I try to understand how is it that they are currently there. How are their workflows really to secrets being fulfilled today with the current set of features that we are offering and they walk us through it and also contributed to the user story map that we've been working with. we definitely have to keep in mind. One of the learnings was that we have to keep in mind the special responsibilities or special permissions that any security. Any any individual responsible for taking care of the security in any team organization. It would be requiring and that's differ a little from what we are be thinking for maintenance owners. yeah, this was a really good meeting for us. And that's all. If you don't have any other question, I can move on to mine. I don't have much to share for this week. we had a meeting last week and this is this issue that I think here is the outcome. we decided to take a step back and then just let's just forget about everything and then we just focus on the user flow and then their context. And then see what is the best solution for them and then in which context are they starting to author the C I am on pipeline or maybe they want to come into the C I am. And then maybe they want to just make some edit and then probably that's the point that they started looking into the C I template component. I to just list down all the possible context and then make a journey map for each work. , as things Gina has one question. Do you want to verbalize your question, Gina? Yeah, it's a little it's related. I just had a question on the progress of the C I city catalog in the navigation effort because I saw on that page now that foundation team isn't allowing navigation changes until January. And I was wondering how that impacts your team progress. I think of course it's I don't know at this point because we already decided to take a step back and then I based on the outcome that I come up with with the journey map or whatever design. discuss , which is the best placement. the short answer would be no, . from my understanding . The project navigation is the best location for this reasons. Then that means we can still as for the request for the foundation team and then have those conversation back with better backup from the UX perspective and then also from the UXR perspective. I I didn't think it will be block her for us, but at this point where you just decided, , let's a huge step back. I don't know if you look or not to answer your question. Yeah, that does. One of the things I'm in our team call her runner today, we were bringing up the fact that our project runners views and settings and everywhere else it's in the navigation in build or an admin area it's still called C I city but same thing. And I was , yeah, I mentioned that your team pipeline authoring is going through this and it's been quite a struggle. And yeah, I'm just I'm a little nervous, considering what I've seen from the stuff that you've gone through already. I might end up talking to you more about it, depending on I might create an issue, just get their input far, because someone commented about it on the navigation feedback issue. They're , why is runner still in settings for project when it's not in any of the other views. maybe that helps. But we'll see. my suggestion that we may be used already started to getting more numbers and data and also those verbal feedback from users and then just be ready to have those conversation with the foundation. And once you're really sure about , , this is the good place for the runner. Yeah, that would be my only suggestion. Thank you. I should also come in. join the band in a while. Yeah. And I think to Gina's point that most things that we are placing in CICD settings, I'm not very aware of what's happening with the other settings option, but with CICD settings. Those particular items are facing discoverability, discovery, validity issues. And I think we just need to see that what we can do. And it's impacting selling personal the item that's inside the settings. it's not just about runners and variables. It's about , how can we collectively improve the visibility of those items overall. And yeah, it would be a great chance for us to collaborate on this. Yeah, totally agree. Yeah, I just wanted to add to that that are protected environment settings are there and we've had a lot of user feedback that no one can find are protected environment settings. . Oh, yeah. Yeah, I remember that looking at that one is pretty deep in the setting. Yeah. It's deep and it also is sitting in an area that people are expecting it to be in and it's not linking you can't link it to the edit or just we recently started linking it from the edit environment. But before you go to edit environment and it wouldn't be there. that was even more confusing. I have an observation there that in most of the other products because we did a competitive evaluation recently. I was just passively looking at their many options. Our anything that's pleased under settings in any of these sections. I cascading in two steps and that's not the case with other products. They have their settings navigation separate from everything altogether. it doesn't feel everything is very hidden. You mean they have it in a separate almost. Yeah, . Yeah, and the one thing I noticed is sometimes we just put things to configure also inside the setting. And is it really studying for is it something to configure. And yeah, that's sometimes confusing to me. maybe this is a good opportunity for all of us to. I don't know to some fun work fittings you why version to. , yeah, we even talked about just removing protected environments from the settings and just moving it into the edit environments page because they're that makes much more sense. , , those. And then maybe have an overview and settings, but I don't know it's for us. It doesn't quite make sense why it's sitting there. Just some different semantic grouping for example, verbals tokens secrets, they would all be managed the same way, but they'll be scattered all across even if it's on the same page. . , think of something. Yeah. Just wanted if there are any other. It looks research is both away this week, I don't think we'll have anything from them. , does anyone else have any other questions if not we can end this slightly earlier. Good. The friend has a great rest of your day. Bye. Bye.",
      "tokens": [
        50364,
        663,
        311,
        257,
        665,
        551,
        300,
        436,
        434,
        419,
        9676,
        13,
        50514
      ],
      "temperature": 0.0,
      "avg_logprob": -0.1846671911386343,
      "compression_ratio": 1.4782608695652173,
      "no_speech_prob": 0.013391985557973385
    }
  ],
  "full_text": "Hey everyone, this is the CICD UX meeting on August 2nd, starting with our standard topics with the HANA one and to mention the Q3 OKRs are being defined and will be available soon. she'll share more info once the details are known. But two of the OKRs might center around the UX department completing the neurodiversity training and resolving usability benchmarking findings across verify. does anyone have any questions about those two? Awesome. then we'll move into the product design section. I can voice HANA's because there's important notice here about how she'll be providing coverage which were at 2O%. hands on design work, milestone reviews and team rituals. And this will continue until that role is backfilled. And they expect to onboard five customers to get led dedicated by the end of Q3, which puts a focus on the UX. during this period, if you need support or she's blocking in any way, please be explicit about what's needed and you can ping DM on Slack. we'll go back to the question for where she's most responsive. And then currently working on email notifications and the onboarding flow gathering requirements to improve design proposals for the deployments page for such word. lots of updates to existing work and that'll be where her focus time will be. And she shared a customer call from switchboard on Monday. I think I'm next. Oh, yeah. If anyone has any questions, yeah, Gina, you can start. . I have attached a report that I wrote up about the mental model research study. a lot of good insights that came out of it. I'm working on recording a video and sending it out today explaining a summary of that as . But now, one of our next steps is to run another survey, which is in progress and already have some data from it to finalize the terms that we use to explain the concept buckets. And then we're also asking users where they use those things and their workflows. And then we'll help us to get a better idea of really what they think those words are. And then we can also use that to look at pain points within the workflows. That they bring up. And then the next item is that our next big thing for runners to look at runner cost visibility, which is focusing on users who bring their own runners. We're not be touching shared runners on sass because we use our own pricing method for those users. And an example of this is if you create a runner through AWS will provide you visibility into how much that runner is costing you the machine and to run the jobs and everything. I attached the issue there. Darren added a ton of details and we're just work on scoping it down. But I talked with the team today and run a think big and think small on this because my goal is to have the process of getting the first iteration for this feature out faster than what we did for the NBC dashboard. I think I'm next if no one has any questions. I'm just making progress this week on updating artifacts for design sprints, starting with issue templates and slide decks that you can reuse during the sprints. Just know if there's anything design sprint related. You'd to see template it out and I'll try and get to work on some of those. some of the ones I haven't gotten to our each day of the sprint those issue templates as as make videos that you can share asynchronously on how to conduct these activities or the homework we were calling. there's a few things I'm still working on, but just wanted to share progress on that. The second thing being our we did internal research on populating a service list two weeks ago. Now we're doing external research. The good news is the results from both internal and external are really aligning. We're seeing a lot of the same feedback from both, which is great. we're hoping to wrap that up in the next few weeks and move on to prototyping and MVC approach from this. That's a good thing that they're aligning. Yeah, that's we were worried about we were , I hope GitLab isn't using GitLab differently enough. That the results will differ, but there's a lot of the same things, which is really great. , there are no questions I can proceed with mine. first of all, thank you everyone for providing feedback last week on the secrets. POC prototype and you'll now find a revised design on the same Figma file. The next step for me is to create an interactive prototype and share the link with everybody who has signed up for the only adopter program for secrets. And then we'll just keep our fingers crossed to see what feedback closing. I think that's a big thing that has that is about to be wrapped up this week. now I can start looking at see a job token and variable work again. Yeah, besides that I had a chat with the application security team here at GitLab. I as an I organized a meeting with our engineering manager, product manager, the security engineer from AppSec in myself. It was really interesting. I try to understand how is it that they are currently there. How are their workflows really to secrets being fulfilled today with the current set of features that we are offering and they walk us through it and also contributed to the user story map that we've been working with. we definitely have to keep in mind. One of the learnings was that we have to keep in mind the special responsibilities or special permissions that any security. Any any individual responsible for taking care of the security in any team organization. It would be requiring and that's differ a little from what we are be thinking for maintenance owners. yeah, this was a really good meeting for us. And that's all. If you don't have any other question, I can move on to mine. I don't have much to share for this week. we had a meeting last week and this is this issue that I think here is the outcome. we decided to take a step back and then just let's just forget about everything and then we just focus on the user flow and then their context. And then see what is the best solution for them and then in which context are they starting to author the C I am on pipeline or maybe they want to come into the C I am. And then maybe they want to just make some edit and then probably that's the point that they started looking into the C I template component. I to just list down all the possible context and then make a journey map for each work. , as things Gina has one question. Do you want to verbalize your question, Gina? Yeah, it's a little it's related. I just had a question on the progress of the C I city catalog in the navigation effort because I saw on that page now that foundation team isn't allowing navigation changes until January. And I was wondering how that impacts your team progress. I think of course it's I don't know at this point because we already decided to take a step back and then I based on the outcome that I come up with with the journey map or whatever design. discuss , which is the best placement. the short answer would be no, . from my understanding . The project navigation is the best location for this reasons. Then that means we can still as for the request for the foundation team and then have those conversation back with better backup from the UX perspective and then also from the UXR perspective. I I didn't think it will be block her for us, but at this point where you just decided, , let's a huge step back. I don't know if you look or not to answer your question. Yeah, that does. One of the things I'm in our team call her runner today, we were bringing up the fact that our project runners views and settings and everywhere else it's in the navigation in build or an admin area it's still called C I city but same thing. And I was , yeah, I mentioned that your team pipeline authoring is going through this and it's been quite a struggle. And yeah, I'm just I'm a little nervous, considering what I've seen from the stuff that you've gone through already. I might end up talking to you more about it, depending on I might create an issue, just get their input far, because someone commented about it on the navigation feedback issue. They're , why is runner still in settings for project when it's not in any of the other views. maybe that helps. But we'll see. my suggestion that we may be used already started to getting more numbers and data and also those verbal feedback from users and then just be ready to have those conversation with the foundation. And once you're really sure about , , this is the good place for the runner. Yeah, that would be my only suggestion. Thank you. I should also come in. join the band in a while. Yeah. And I think to Gina's point that most things that we are placing in CICD settings, I'm not very aware of what's happening with the other settings option, but with CICD settings. Those particular items are facing discoverability, discovery, validity issues. And I think we just need to see that what we can do. And it's impacting selling personal the item that's inside the settings. it's not just about runners and variables. It's about , how can we collectively improve the visibility of those items overall. And yeah, it would be a great chance for us to collaborate on this. Yeah, totally agree. Yeah, I just wanted to add to that that are protected environment settings are there and we've had a lot of user feedback that no one can find are protected environment settings. . Oh, yeah. Yeah, I remember that looking at that one is pretty deep in the setting. Yeah. It's deep and it also is sitting in an area that people are expecting it to be in and it's not linking you can't link it to the edit or just we recently started linking it from the edit environment. But before you go to edit environment and it wouldn't be there. that was even more confusing. I have an observation there that in most of the other products because we did a competitive evaluation recently. I was just passively looking at their many options. Our anything that's pleased under settings in any of these sections. I cascading in two steps and that's not the case with other products. They have their settings navigation separate from everything altogether. it doesn't feel everything is very hidden. You mean they have it in a separate almost. Yeah, . Yeah, and the one thing I noticed is sometimes we just put things to configure also inside the setting. And is it really studying for is it something to configure. And yeah, that's sometimes confusing to me. maybe this is a good opportunity for all of us to. I don't know to some fun work fittings you why version to. , yeah, we even talked about just removing protected environments from the settings and just moving it into the edit environments page because they're that makes much more sense. , , those. And then maybe have an overview and settings, but I don't know it's for us. It doesn't quite make sense why it's sitting there. Just some different semantic grouping for example, verbals tokens secrets, they would all be managed the same way, but they'll be scattered all across even if it's on the same page. . , think of something. Yeah. Just wanted if there are any other. It looks research is both away this week, I don't think we'll have anything from them. , does anyone else have any other questions if not we can end this slightly earlier. Good. The friend has a great rest of your day. Bye. Bye.",
  "word_count": 2080,
  "segment_count": 4,
  "cleaned_at": "2025-10-27T16:24:47.855839"
}