{
  "title": "CI/CD UX Meeting - 12-04-2023",
  "video_id": "VhxFyjeg70Y",
  "url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VhxFyjeg70Y",
  "transcript": " Hi everyone, this is the CICD UX meeting on April 12th and I think looks like Gina, you have the first point if you wanted to start us off. Yes, I, when, honestly, when I was filling out the agenda, I wasn't sure what I should be focusing on. And so I wanted to bring it up with the group and just ask how you've been feeling with the structure of the call. The specific thing I was confused with was if we should be focused on a design review or if we are normally like going through all of our group updates. I did notice that the design review has like a time box on it, but the group updates do not. So I'm wondering if something like that would make it more clear? Yes. Also are the items in the, the group updates actually read only? I think that's something I haven't been following quite as closely. I haven't either. Yeah, looks like it says items are really only, but if I guess I meant read only, but yeah, I think that answers your question, Gina. Well, do we find it beneficial to still give group updates then? I think it might be like the UX weekly where if the design review portion kind of takes the entire time, you just leave them as read only. And then if you have time, we just go through them. Maybe it's something more like that. Like focus this meeting more on the design review. And then if you have time, we can go through the group updates. That works for me. That makes sense. So we'd have to do more than one design review than. Oh, I think it's more like if the designer view takes a while, it can like we don't stop it from taking while. And then if it doesn't, we go through the updates, but should work pretty well. Okay. I think I tried summarizing it. Alright, that works. Thanks for having that discussion. And I have the next thing. Okay. So the design, this shouldn't really shouldn't take that long. And I've presented in the past how we're updating our runner creation form, which is really a nice update because we get to do a lot more things in the UI and explain what different runner concepts are versus before it was just in the CLI. And the problem statement that's still kind of around this whole thing is it isn't clear how a new developer who doesn't know anything about runners can create a basic runner quickly to be able to get started to use their CI city pipelines. And then also runner concepts are unknown to these novice users and they are, they're not sure how it kind of fits into like the larger scope of CI city. And the feature that I'm trying to work on now is making the registration form, which is the first iteration that I created for the new form. I'm trying to make it a little bit easier to digest, which it's super long right now. So it's kind of hard to do that. And I think this would be mostly for developers who's admin like restricted their shared runner usage so they can't use shared runners and they have to create their own. And then we just one of the known constraints is that we only bring in configure option configuration options that are basic. So if you're an advanced user, you can go into your config, Tom, file, which is the configuration file that is created with each runner. And you can configure it with as many advanced options as you want. I linked to documentation about what that means, but like you can make it run more jobs at once. There's a bunch of different things that you can do to it. So we don't show those in the UI though. It's only in the config file. So now I'm going to open up my stigma. All right. So to give you just so we have a before state, this is what the first iteration of the registration looks like. So when you want to make a new runner, you have to select the operating system or whatever platform you want to make it on and then after you select it, you get this like form of different fields that you need to fill out a lot of them are optional. But the only thing that's not optional is the tags, you have to either add tags or you have to select run untag jobs. It's one of the one of the other. And then once you create it, you get you still have to go in the CLI, but you get like this one thing that you can copy, paste in the CLI and then you have a runner. I was looking at like if we have any patterns and pajamas yet for I would call this like a stepper, but I guess you could think of it as a wizard as well. And I saw that we had an issue that was already open that has a lot of work done. So I kind of brought that into this view. I'm hoping by breaking these up a bit more, I can help one users understand the concepts a little bit better because kind of the most important thing is the tags, which I broke out into its own step. And then I can also get at the fact that you either need to add tags or you have to market as untagged. The design is really just like breaking these up. So it's not as long. So if you click next here, you then go to tags. And it's the only one also that's not optional. So you would have to select either add tags or select this and then go next and then this whole step is optional for details and configuration. So you could just go next immediately. And then you get to that same screen at the end of the registration. But I think my main question was in this pattern. Is this, does this pattern seem like something that any of your groups would need as well. And are there other use cases that maybe I'm missing. For me, I don't have any other like adoption for this, but probably in the future. Yes. And so I was like looking into the other issue. So this is outside of verify, but I have seen that there is a new. It's behind the feature flat that get that page is team. And I think you're having similar resort things on the UI. I'm not sure like it could is delivered by any of designers, but it was implemented by a front and engineer. I'll share the issue once I found that. And I'm pretty sure you team needs one of this step for at some point, but at the moment they don't have designer. So not sure when they can work on this. And in a couple of years. Would that be for like installing it lab. Yes. And then making those two different sides to making a geo connection so that they can start mirroring all the data inside one, get it instance to the other one. Okay. That makes sense. Yeah, I was going to say the same thing not so much on my current team, but on the growth team. These were like the step can't like how you set things up. I know we were playing around with these quite a lot. And I don't think we ever actually came up with a component for it, but there was definitely a use case in most kind of setups, like setting up your account, setting up and getting onboarded into certain things. So I do think it'll be useful to actually finally create a component, because this is something we circled on for months on that team. Okay. Yeah, also in in my area. Currently we're working on the onboarding flow and it's also very form heavy. We tried ways to kind of cut it down and include some navigation. But yeah, we certainly didn't think of going this step at direction, but I think we have definitely use it. If it's available. Our copy yours in fact. I know when I was working with anti abuse temporarily, we also did like something like this, except it kind of went down the page. So it was certain like collapsible sections that reopen. Yeah, it was exactly something like this. Okay. Yeah, I think the thought was that and Lee Moore was doing a lot of work on this before. So he had created a bunch of different options like vertical. So there's a lot of. Sometimes you can jump between different steps. So there's that option as well. And then there's horizontal. And then. This linear option as well. I think the only other thing that I had in mind was something that's more like this where you're. It's like looking at a process. So in this case, it was updating runners. We don't even have this available today, but in the future, we might. And I was thinking we could reuse the same icons that we use for the MR widgets. And then just like give status of each step that you go through because there's something happening in the. Like I could. This is all kind of steps that are happening in the back end that we're trying to give the user notify the user where it is within the process. And then we can see that. I do like green check. Like I like that visual, but like you've completed that step. Oh yeah. That's one thing that kind of felt was missing from here. And then it's just blank. And I wasn't sure if that if we should add some into further indication. Thank you. Just like a check mark icon like. There's a number. Yeah. Like this. I'm going to play around that a little bit. Erica and well, I know you had some comments. You want to voice them. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's just that I think when you're ready to show this to folks, we can recruit from the assess respondents. So I'm just working on a project where I looked at the assess for bait him for the last two quarters. And just as a side note, uh, renters and pipelines. And then we can find people who think letters are confusing. And ask them to participate in research for you. So that was my first note. And then will. As a part of the like process. We'll create an issue. Either myself or Nick. Depending on who's on leave and who's not. We'll be creating an issue for. And this is followed calls that I think is like traditionally called like a says responder. And this will be a male. This is typically made available to PMs, but I certainly think you could recruit via that sheet. Like just find any like relevant quotes and you know, pull them into to your study as Eric, I was saying. Awesome. And I have some from the previous quarters that I can pull for you. Okay. Yeah, that would be helpful. And then another thing that's coming up in the. And then the one thing that I would like to say, is that it's a great way to get a better data analysis. Is that users want specifically. On boarding content related to like learning and documentation. So we've been pulling out that learning and documentation is important. But it's targetedly. On boarding. And there. So this is helpful. Like what you're pointing out there. Like what you're kind of doing is an onboarding widget almost. Yeah. I think it would be helpful to just remember that you're already thinking about this. But remembering that these people are kind of using this because they're new. Yeah. Just kind of layering in as you can. Like. And in a way that's not too heavy, but that kind of like gives them a framework for what they're doing. Yeah. I think I could add more. Like explanation about platform. I think that's. I added a lot about tags, which was nice because we never were able to add any documentation about that. But that's like how. The tags determine which types of jobs that the runner processes. So then it gets like a little bit more connected into the. The CI city process. And then I like to documentation and stuff as well. But I think that there's more that we could add. And even stepping back, like it's like how did they get to this point in the workflow. Right. Like how do they know if they should be doing this or not. Yeah. Like shared runners or not this. I'm thinking. So they had to they know if they should be using that widget. I see. Yeah. Like where are they coming from within the flow. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. But nice work. Thanks. Yeah. And I think on the topic of like novice users. There could be some opportunities for like tooltips or something implemented over the course of those, you know, different pages or steps. To kind of communicate like this is why you're making this or if you're confused like. Here's some information that can help you make them more informed decision. And then you're choosing between radio options or what should I enter here or whatever it may be. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, that's a good idea too. And then by next question, like, would you be able to pull out the. Yeah, the prototype again, because I was a little bit confused about that optional tags. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't need to say that like it was something where they had to choose. Oh, yeah. Like. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This is the current one that we're using and. You have. So I think this was just more of a mistake that we made. You have to either select. Or you have to add tags. So even though we say this is optional. You actually have to do one or the other here. So that's why I was trying to like break those out into their own. Section because that's really the only piece that's not optional. Yeah, that makes sense. Thanks for trying that. Yeah, maybe just include some language there. Like if you select. Run untagged jobs, you will need to select tags below. Um. You have. It's so it gets so confusing. Okay. So. You can have you can add tags and you can run on tag jobs. So a runner can run. Jobs with tags and it can also run jobs without tags. But you have to at least have one of. Like you have to say which one or both. Does that make sense? But I think I could add text that explain. Yeah, yeah, my it's like you need an and or like an or choose one or both. I guess. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I'm going to think of how to explain that a bit. All right. Thank you a lot for the feedback. I think. My action items are to see what other information I can add in there that helps explain the concepts. And then. I'm also going to work on trying to figure out how to contribute that stepper slash wizard design to pajamas. In the same thing. Well, I guess I have the next item. Um, so I am continuing work on the onboarding flow. I just finalizing it now. I had a meeting today where we're just going over some of the settings and what that should look like. And then also working on messaging. As you can tell from genius. Home that yeah, indicating things like optional and all that. Yeah, you have to be clear. So I'm working with our technical writer. To make sure that yeah, we communicate clearly. And then I think that you can change. And yeah, once I'm done, I will open an issue for review. And I think I can also do presentation here as well. And then yeah, I'll keep your feedback. Quite do any validation. Internal folks. I'm not sure if you're already wanting to do this, but feel free to, you know, take us. I'm, I'm going to have you for my feedback. On that minimal onboarding flow. Awesome. Thanks. Yeah, that's it for me. Thank you. I'm running solution validation sessions on the runner fleet dashboard, which I've shared in the past. And I've run one so far. And the early insights were very, very positive. To excited about. And I summarized those insights in the issue. And I'm still waiting on more enterprise customers to meet with. And I'm going to have to go through the process. I'm going to have to go through the process. I guess it's. Me. So in environments, we're currently working to put together a glossary, which. I think is much needed. And I think that's a good, just a common term within like the deployment area. So we're getting that on track. But looking forward. For this to help with like, async communication, the design sprint and just in general, talking about deployment. So just wanted to bring it here. So all of you could see kind of what has gone into it so far. And then just want to know if I'm also working with Eric and Will to test out the common screener for my solution validation study. For group level protected environments. So kind of excited for this to test it the self serving option and let you know how it goes. And then the final thing to have is just more of a question. So I don't know has anyone ever been assigned a community contribution that's not in their group. I was assigned one for package. And I did notice in the weeks weekly, looks like Pedro is the one that's supposed to be reviewing these. But is this something that. I should take on is it something I should pass off to Pedro. I'm not sure if anyone has experience in this area. And I'm also sure how I got experience. Yeah, I think it's not similar, but I have an experience like selected by boat automatically. But I found one issue that is dedicated for the distribution team. And then I just think that design manager that I can review this. So because I already have that. That will be my gdk. So I had this discussion with hyana but from my understanding the community contribution without any designer goes to pet row. And I'm not so sure like how we can make those change in our boat. But I think that's the process. So if there's no any no designer on that stage here, it goes to pet row. So that was my understanding. But if you are willing to have those review or if you have capacity and then you can assign yourself and then p pet row as well. I was trying to review it myself. It looks like it's one that I need to have like packages and images set up and. And my review doesn't have instructions on that. So I did ping Pedro if he has it set up already it's quite an easy review. If not, it's something I can look into. I think I just need more instructions on how to do it. Oh, thanks for the feedback. Oh, thanks for no taking will. Thank you. I think it's a bit of a bit of a problem. And I think it's a bit of a problem. And so I think I'm going to have to have a little bit more talk about how to do it. So I think I can move on to my item. So there were a lot of discussion going I really appreciate Erica. We're taking a lot of time for this and moderated research. And then I, I as kiana like, hey, like. I'm going to do a lot of different things faster. And there are a lot of discussion on going. And then so in the end. Too long discussion to read. But in the end what hyana suggest is was like, okay, let's just step back. And then we have run the first unmoderated. Solution validation using the user testing.com and then we got already just one cycle of outcome. So we just decided to put it inside the left side navigation or not. And corresponding to their feedback, we just choose the direction if the answer is no. From the foundation team, we start from the pipeline editor and having one small button there to access to catalog. And then in the meantime, we still gather feedback from users. And we actually, you know, that will be in the back. So we need some more metrics to use snow flow. That also requires some front and implementation. So that was the outcome of this research. Yeah, thanks, Erica for your help on this. And for for everyone, I'm jumping into the discussion. This is something that I try to onboard myself, like how to create a pipeline as I want, and then how to choose the right keyword to skipping a certain job, for example. And then myself pointed out that, like, hey, this is also a very crucial part of our UX. Like, we should focus more on this terminologies and also the experience on how to choose the right keyword. Is it easy enough? So we started this team discussion, and then it will lead to another round of user research and also the team discussion. And then I'm very excited for all of the team members are focusing, and then they think it's part of our crucial user experience. So just wanted to share some excitement with you all. So hi, I'm so Pecca just empty. So should we move on to the UX research, Will? Yeah, I've just got a couple quick updates. I graded my parental leave issue, I think, to it within the dock. There's a couple of sections within it that I'll be adding to over the next couple of weeks. I get closer to the leave, where I'll be assigning certain tasks or things that I won't be able to cover to different people. But no action items as of right now, just making you all aware. I'm also going to look over Emily's comments on her solution validation study. And I'll respond to that comment later today, Emily. And then I watched Ollie's video. I think it was with Marin and Fabian and a couple others. I thought it was really informative. So thanks for recording that and sharing that, Ollie. And just wanted to let me know if you need help on any of those switchboard related issues. I'm kind of being pulled in a lot of different directions. So just make sure to mention me on anything. Any comments or questions for a hinted over to Eric? Oh. Yeah. So I was actually going to take some time off next week. I'm still taking some time off, but I need to be around to send out our CI components assignment three, which is also our friends and failed me day, but I'll be in on Monday doing that. But it's exciting because we're finally in the next week. I'm going to be able to do that. But I'll be in on Monday doing that. But it's exciting because we're finally able to send that out. So people in our alpha program will be using some components and some inputs to create an assignment. So we are kind of supporting that in a way by we're giving them like a preselected list to select from. So we'll want to remember that if we see really good success rates. But anyway, but it'll be good to get feedback on that. And then hopefully I think Jackie and I today will meet to finalize the next steps at least for Q. Two for the benchmark like our 10 issues to champion for Q2. And then I've been working on a cross functional analysis of those software items. It was originally an OKR for. I was thinking of it OKR for Q2, but I really like analyzing data. So I finished it. So now we're kind of socializing that around to look at the next steps for that. So we'll see how that goes. And then I think we'll wait to prioritize the research for Q2 for Q2 until we think it comes back and has a chance to like chime in with her projects. Thank you to everybody who's chimed in for Q2 research so far. Well, I think that's all on the agenda. Does anyone else have anything else they need to discuss. I guess we can have 10 minutes back then. Okay, awesome. Well, thanks everyone. And we'll see you later. Thanks.",
  "segments": [
    {
      "id": 0,
      "seek": 0,
      "start": 0.0,
      "end": 1666.84,
      "text": "Hi everyone, this is the CICD UX meeting on April l2th and I think looks Gina, you have the first point if you wanted to start us off. Yes, I, when, honestly, when I was filling out the agenda, I wasn't sure what I should be focusing on. And I wanted to bring it up with the group and just ask how you've been feeling with the structure of the call. The specific thing I was confused with was if we should be focused on a design review or if we are normally going through all of our group updates. I did notice that the design review has a time box on it, but the group updates do not. I'm wondering if something that would make it more clear? Yes. Also are the items in the, the group updates read only? I think that's something I haven't been following quite as closely. I haven't either. Yeah, looks it says items are really only, but if I meant read only, but yeah, I think that answers your question, Gina. , do we find it beneficial to still give group updates then? I think it might be the UX weekly where if the design review portion takes the entire time, you just leave them as read only. And then if you have time, we just go through them. Maybe it's something more that. focus this meeting more on the design review. And then if you have time, we can go through the group updates. That works for me. That makes sense. we'd have to do more than one design review than. Oh, I think it's more if the designer view takes a while, it can we don't stop it from taking while. And then if it doesn't, we go through the updates, but should work pretty . . I think I tried summarizing it. Alright, that works. Thanks for having that discussion. And I have the next thing. . the design, this shouldn't really shouldn't take that long. And I've presented in the past how we're updating our runner creation form, which is really a nice update because we get to do a lot more things in the UI and explain what different runner concepts are versus before it was just in the CLI. And the problem statement that's still around this whole thing is it isn't clear how a new developer who doesn't know anything about runners can create a basic runner quickly to be able to get started to use their CI city pipelines. And then also runner concepts are unknown to these novice users and they are, they're not sure how it fits into the larger scope of CI city. And the feature that I'm trying to work on now is making the registration form, which is the first iteration that I created for the new form. I'm trying to make it a little bit easier to digest, which it's super long now. it's hard to do that. And I think this would be mostly for developers who's admin restricted their shared runner usage they can't use shared runners and they have to create their own. And then we just one of the known constraints is that we only bring in configure option configuration options that are basic. if you're an advanced user, you can go into your config, Tom, file, which is the configuration file that is created with each runner. And you can configure it with as many advanced options as you want. I linked to documentation about what that means, but you can make it run more jobs at once. There's a bunch of different things that you can do to it. we don't show those in the UI though. It's only in the config file. now open up my stigma. All . to give you just we have a before state, this is what the first iteration of the registration looks . when you want to make a new runner, you have to select the operating system or whatever platform you want to make it on and then after you select it, you get this form of different fields that you need to fill out a lot of them are optional. But the only thing that's not optional is the tags, you have to either add tags or you have to select run untag jobs. It's one of the one of the other. And then once you create it, you get you still have to go in the CLI, but you get this one thing that you can copy, paste in the CLI and then you have a runner. I was looking at if we have any patterns and pajamas yet for I would call this a stepper, but you could think of it as a wizard as . And I saw that we had an issue that was already open that has a lot of work done. I brought that into this view. I'm hoping by breaking these up a bit more, I can help one users understand the concepts a little bit better because the most important thing is the tags, which I broke out into its own step. And then I can also get at the fact that you either need to add tags or you have to market as untagged. The design is really just breaking these up. it's not as long. if you click next here, you then go to tags. And it's the only one also that's not optional. you would have to select either add tags or select this and then go next and then this whole step is optional for details and configuration. you could just go next immediately. And then you get to that same screen at the end of the registration. But I think my main question was in this pattern. Is this, does this pattern seem something that any of your groups would need as . And are there other use cases that maybe I'm missing. For me, I don't have any other adoption for this, but probably in the future. Yes. And I was looking into the other issue. this is outside of verify, but I have seen that there is a new. It's behind the feature flat that get that page is team. And I think you're having similar resort things on the UI. I'm not sure it could is delivered by any of designers, but it was implemented by a front and engineer. I'll share the issue once I found that. And I'm pretty sure you team needs one of this step for at some point, but at the moment they don't have designer. not sure when they can work on this. And in a couple of years. Would that be for installing it lab. Yes. And then making those two different sides to making a geo connection that they can start mirroring all the data inside one, get it instance to the other one. . That makes sense. Yeah, I was say the same thing not much on my current team, but on the growth team. These were the step can't how you set things up. I know we were playing around with these quite a lot. And I don't think we ever came up with a component for it, but there was definitely a use case in most setups, setting up your account, setting up and getting onboarded into certain things. I do think it'll be useful to finally create a component, because this is something we circled on for months on that team. . Yeah, also in in my area. Currently we're working on the onboarding flow and it's also very form heavy. We tried ways to cut it down and include some navigation. But yeah, we certainly didn't think of going this step at direction, but I think we have definitely use it. If it's available. Our copy yours in fact. I know when I was working with anti abuse temporarily, we also did something this, except it went down the page. it was certain collapsible sections that reopen. Yeah, it was exactly something this. . Yeah, I think the thought was that and Lee Moore was doing a lot of work on this before. he had created a bunch of different options vertical. there's a lot of. Sometimes you can jump between different steps. there's that option as . And then there's horizontal. And then. This linear option as . I think the only other thing that I had in mind was something that's more this where you're. It's looking at a process. in this case, it was updating runners. We don't even have this available today, but in the future, we might. And I was thinking we could reuse the same icons that we use for the MR widgets. And then just give status of each step that you go through because there's something happening in the. I could. This is all steps that are happening in the back end that we're trying to give the user notify the user where it is within the process. And then we can see that. I do green check. I that visual, but you've completed that step. Oh yeah. That's one thing that felt was missing from here. And then it's just blank. And I wasn't sure if that if we should add some into further indication. Thank you. Just a check mark icon . There's a number. Yeah. this. play around that a little bit. Erica and , I know you had some comments. You want to voice them. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's just that I think when you're ready to show this to folks, we can recruit from the assess respondents. I'm just working on a project where I looked at the assess for bait him for the last two quarters. And just as a side note, , renters and pipelines. And then we can find people who think letters are confusing. And ask them to participate in research for you. that was my first note. And then will. As a part of the process. We'll create an issue. Either myself or Nick. Depending on who's on leave and who's not. We'll be creating an issue for. And this is followed calls that I think is traditionally called a says responder. And this will be a male. This is typically made available to PMs, but I certainly think you could recruit via that sheet. just find any relevant quotes and , pull them into to your study as Eric, I was saying. Awesome. And I have some from the previous quarters that I can pull for you. . Yeah, that would be helpful. And then another thing that's coming up in the. And then the one thing that I would to say, is that it's a great way to get a better data analysis. Is that users want specifically. On boarding content related to learning and documentation. we've been pulling out that learning and documentation is important. But it's targetedly. On boarding. And there. this is helpful. what you're pointing out there. what you're doing is an onboarding widget almost. Yeah. I think it would be helpful to just remember that you're already thinking about this. But remembering that these people are using this because they're new. Yeah. Just layering in as you can. . And in a way that's not too heavy, but that gives them a framework for what they're doing. Yeah. I think I could add more. explanation about platform. I think that's. I added a lot about tags, which was nice because we never were able to add any documentation about that. But that's how. The tags determine which types of jobs that the runner processes. then it gets a little bit more connected into the. The CI city process. And then I to documentation and stuff as . But I think that there's more that we could add. And even stepping back, it's how did they get to this point in the workflow. . how do they know if they should be doing this or not. Yeah. shared runners or not this. I'm thinking. they had to they know if they should be using that widget. I see. Yeah. where are they coming from within the flow. Yeah. Yeah. . But nice work. Thanks. Yeah. And I think on the topic of novice users. There could be some opportunities for tooltips or something implemented over the course of those, , different pages or steps. To communicate this is why you're making this or if you're confused . Here's some information that can help you make them more informed decision. And then you're choosing between radio options or what should I enter here or whatever it may be. Yeah. . Yeah, that's a good idea too. And then by next question, , would you be able to pull out the. Yeah, the prototype again, because I was a little bit confused about that optional tags. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't need to say that it was something where they had to choose. Oh, yeah. . Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This is the current one that we're using and. You have. I think this was just more of a mistake that we made. You have to either select. Or you have to add tags. even though we say this is optional. You have to do one or the other here. that's why I was trying to break those out into their own. Section because that's really the only piece that's not optional. Yeah, that makes sense. Thanks for trying that. Yeah, maybe just include some language there. if you select. Run untagged jobs, you will need to select tags below. . You have. It's it gets confusing. . . You can have you can add tags and you can run on tag jobs. a runner can run. Jobs with tags and it can also run jobs without tags. But you have to at least have one of. you have to say which one or both. Does that make sense? But I think I could add text that explain. Yeah, yeah, my it's you need an and or an or choose one or both. . Yeah. Yeah. . think of how to explain that a bit. All . Thank you a lot for the feedback. I think. My action items are to see what other information I can add in there that helps explain the concepts. And then. I'm also work on trying to figure out how to contribute that stepper slash wizard design to pajamas. In the same thing. , I have the next item. , I am continuing work on the onboarding flow. I just finalizing it now. I had a meeting today where we're just going over some of the settings and what that should look . And then also working on messaging. As you can tell from genius. Home that yeah, indicating things optional and all that. Yeah, you have to be clear. I'm working with our technical writer. To make sure that yeah, we communicate clearly. And then I think that you can change. And yeah, once I'm done, I will open an issue for review. And I think I can also do presentation here as . And then yeah, I'll keep your feedback. Quite do any validation. Internal folks. I'm not sure if you're already wanting to do this, but feel free to, , take us. I'm, have you for my feedback. On that minimal onboarding flow. Awesome. Thanks. Yeah, that's it for me. Thank you. I'm running solution validation sessions on the runner fleet dashboard, which I've shared in the past. And I've run one far. And the early insights were very, very positive. To excited about. And I summarized those insights in the issue. And I'm still waiting on more enterprise customers to meet with. And have to go through the process. have to go through the process. it's. Me. in environments, we're currently working to put together a glossary, which. I think is much needed. And I think that's a good, just a common term within the deployment area. we're getting that on track. But looking forward. For this to help with , async communication, the design sprint and just in general, talking about deployment. just wanted to bring it here. all of you could see what has gone into it far. And then just want to know if I'm also working with Eric and Will to test out the common screener for my solution validation study. For group level protected environments. excited for this to test it the self serving option and let how it goes. And then the final thing to have is just more of a question. I don't know has anyone ever been assigned a community contribution that's not in their group. I was assigned one for package. And I did notice in the weeks weekly, looks Pedro is the one that's supposed to be reviewing these. But is this something that. I should take on is it something I should pass off to Pedro. I'm not sure if anyone has experience in this area. And I'm also sure how I got experience. Yeah, I think it's not similar, but I have an experience selected by boat automatically. But I found one issue that is dedicated for the distribution team. And then I just think that design manager that I can review this. because I already have that. That will be my gdk. I had this discussion with hyana but from my understanding the community contribution without any designer goes to pet row. And I'm not sure how we can make those change in our boat. But I think that's the process. if there's no any no designer on that stage here, it goes to pet row. that was my understanding. But if you are willing to have those review or if you have capacity and then you can assign yourself and then p pet row as . I was trying to review it myself. It looks it's one that I need to have packages and images set up and. And my review doesn't have instructions on that. I did ping Pedro if he has it set up already it's quite an easy review. If not, it's something I can look into. I think I just need more instructions on how to do it. Oh, thanks for the feedback. Oh, thanks for no taking will. Thank you. I think it's a bit of a bit of a problem. And I think it's a bit of a problem. And I think have to have a little bit more talk about how to do it. I think I can move on to my item. there were a lot of discussion going I really appreciate Erica. We're taking a lot of time for this and moderated research. And then I, I as kiana , hey, . do a lot of different things faster. And there are a lot of discussion on going. And then in the end. Too long discussion to read. But in the end what hyana suggest is was , , let's just step back. And then we have run the first unmoderated. Solution validation using the user testing.com and then we got already just one cycle of outcome. we just decided to put it inside the left side navigation or not. And corresponding to their feedback, we just choose the direction if the answer is no. From the foundation team, we start from the pipeline editor and having one small button there to access to catalog. And then in the meantime, we still gather feedback from users. And we , , that will be in the back. we need some more metrics to use snow flow. That also requires some front and implementation. that was the outcome of this research. Yeah, thanks, Erica for your help on this. And for for everyone, I'm jumping into the discussion. This is something that I try to onboard myself, how to create a pipeline as I want, and then how to choose the keyword to skipping a certain job, for example. And then myself pointed out that, , hey, this is also a very crucial part of our UX. , we should focus more on this terminologies and also the experience on how to choose the keyword. Is it easy enough? we started this team discussion, and then it will lead to another round of user research and also the team discussion. And then I'm very excited for all of the team members are focusing, and then they think it's part of our crucial user experience. just wanted to share some excitement with you all.",
      "tokens": [
        50364,
        2421,
        1518,
        11,
        341,
        307,
        264,
        383,
        2532,
        35,
        40176,
        3440,
        322,
        6929,
        2272,
        392,
        293,
        286,
        519,
        1542,
        411,
        34711,
        11,
        291,
        50928
      ],
      "temperature": 0.0,
      "avg_logprob": -0.2831236810395212,
      "compression_ratio": 1.3532934131736527,
      "no_speech_prob": 0.05052186921238899
    },
    {
      "id": 334,
      "seek": 164680,
      "start": 1672.2,
      "end": 1678.0800000000002,
      "text": "hi, I'm Pecca just empty. should we move on to the UX research, Will?",
      "tokens": [
        51634,
        407,
        4879,
        11,
        286,
        478,
        370,
        2396,
        66,
        496,
        445,
        6707,
        13,
        51758
      ],
      "temperature": 0.0,
      "avg_logprob": -0.3109726034184938,
      "compression_ratio": 1.6439024390243901,
      "no_speech_prob": 0.0001335981214651838
    },
    {
      "id": 336,
      "seek": 167468,
      "start": 1681.0800000000002,
      "end": 1713.8000000000002,
      "text": "Yeah, I've just got a couple quick updates. I graded my parental leave issue, I think, to it within the dock. There's a couple of sections within it that I'll be adding to over the next couple of weeks. I get closer to the leave, where I'll be assigning certain tasks or things that I won't be able to cover to different people. But no action items as of now, just making you all aware.",
      "tokens": [
        50684,
        865,
        11,
        286,
        600,
        445,
        658,
        257,
        1916,
        1702,
        9205,
        13,
        50838
      ],
      "temperature": 0.0,
      "avg_logprob": -0.2686663424031118,
      "compression_ratio": 1.5544554455445545,
      "no_speech_prob": 0.003183442633599043
    },
    {
      "id": 343,
      "seek": 170316,
      "start": 1716.52,
      "end": 1765.28,
      "text": "I'm also look over Emily's comments on her solution validation study. And I'll respond to that comment later today, Emily. And then I watched Ollie's video. I think it was with Marin and Fabian and a couple others. I thought it was really informative. thanks for recording that and sharing that, Ollie. And just wanted to know if you need help on any of those switchboard related issues. I'm being pulled in a lot of different directions. just make sure to mention me on anything.",
      "tokens": [
        51032,
        286,
        478,
        611,
        516,
        281,
        574,
        670,
        15034,
        311,
        3053,
        51284
      ],
      "temperature": 0.0,
      "avg_logprob": -0.2796355261318926,
      "compression_ratio": 1.4545454545454546,
      "no_speech_prob": 0.0027305646799504757
    },
    {
      "id": 354,
      "seek": 175676,
      "start": 1770.44,
      "end": 1773.4,
      "text": "Any comments or questions for a hinted over to Eric?",
      "tokens": [
        51048,
        2639,
        3053,
        420,
        1651,
        337,
        257,
        12075,
        292,
        670,
        281,
        9336,
        30,
        51196
      ],
      "temperature": 0.0,
      "avg_logprob": -0.4230021017569083,
      "compression_ratio": 1.3146853146853146,
      "no_speech_prob": 0.01038559339940548
    },
    {
      "id": 355,
      "seek": 175676,
      "start": 1776.4,
      "end": 1913.24,
      "text": "Oh. Yeah. I was take some time off next week. I'm still taking some time off, but I need to be around to send out our CI components assignment three, which is also our friends and failed me day, but I'll be in on Monday doing that. But it's exciting because we're finally in the next week. be able to do that. But I'll be in on Monday doing that. But it's exciting because we're finally able to send that out. people in our alpha program will be using some components and some inputs to create an assignment. we are supporting that in a way by we're giving them a preselected list to select from. we'll want to remember that if we see really good success rates. But , but it'll be good to get feedback on that. And then hopefully I think Jackie and I today will meet to finalize the next steps at least for Q. Two for the benchmark our lO issues to champion for Q2. And then I've been working on a cross functional analysis of those software items. It was originally an OKR for. I was thinking of it OKR for Q2, but I really analyzing data. I finished it. now we're socializing that around to look at the next steps for that. we'll see how that goes. And then I think we'll wait to prioritize the research for Q2 for Q2 until we think it comes back and has a chance to chime in with her projects. Thank you to everybody who's chimed in for Q2 research far.",
      "tokens": [
        51346,
        876,
        13,
        51388
      ],
      "temperature": 0.0,
      "avg_logprob": -0.4230021017569083,
      "compression_ratio": 1.3146853146853146,
      "no_speech_prob": 0.01038559339940548
    },
    {
      "id": 379,
      "seek": 190824,
      "start": 1921.24,
      "end": 1950.24,
      "text": ", I think that's all on the agenda. Does anyone else have anything else they need to discuss. we can have lO minutes back then. , awesome. , thanks everyone. And we'll see you later. Thanks.",
      "tokens": [
        51014,
        1042,
        11,
        286,
        519,
        300,
        311,
        439,
        322,
        264,
        9829,
        13,
        4402,
        2878,
        1646,
        362,
        1340,
        1646,
        436,
        643,
        281,
        2248,
        13,
        51364
      ],
      "temperature": 0.0,
      "avg_logprob": -0.1786582903428511,
      "compression_ratio": 1.25,
      "no_speech_prob": 0.00044091552263125777
    }
  ],
  "full_text": "Hi everyone, this is the CICD UX meeting on April l2th and I think looks Gina, you have the first point if you wanted to start us off. Yes, I, when, honestly, when I was filling out the agenda, I wasn't sure what I should be focusing on. And I wanted to bring it up with the group and just ask how you've been feeling with the structure of the call. The specific thing I was confused with was if we should be focused on a design review or if we are normally going through all of our group updates. I did notice that the design review has a time box on it, but the group updates do not. I'm wondering if something that would make it more clear? Yes. Also are the items in the, the group updates read only? I think that's something I haven't been following quite as closely. I haven't either. Yeah, looks it says items are really only, but if I meant read only, but yeah, I think that answers your question, Gina. , do we find it beneficial to still give group updates then? I think it might be the UX weekly where if the design review portion takes the entire time, you just leave them as read only. And then if you have time, we just go through them. Maybe it's something more that. focus this meeting more on the design review. And then if you have time, we can go through the group updates. That works for me. That makes sense. we'd have to do more than one design review than. Oh, I think it's more if the designer view takes a while, it can we don't stop it from taking while. And then if it doesn't, we go through the updates, but should work pretty . . I think I tried summarizing it. Alright, that works. Thanks for having that discussion. And I have the next thing. . the design, this shouldn't really shouldn't take that long. And I've presented in the past how we're updating our runner creation form, which is really a nice update because we get to do a lot more things in the UI and explain what different runner concepts are versus before it was just in the CLI. And the problem statement that's still around this whole thing is it isn't clear how a new developer who doesn't know anything about runners can create a basic runner quickly to be able to get started to use their CI city pipelines. And then also runner concepts are unknown to these novice users and they are, they're not sure how it fits into the larger scope of CI city. And the feature that I'm trying to work on now is making the registration form, which is the first iteration that I created for the new form. I'm trying to make it a little bit easier to digest, which it's super long now. it's hard to do that. And I think this would be mostly for developers who's admin restricted their shared runner usage they can't use shared runners and they have to create their own. And then we just one of the known constraints is that we only bring in configure option configuration options that are basic. if you're an advanced user, you can go into your config, Tom, file, which is the configuration file that is created with each runner. And you can configure it with as many advanced options as you want. I linked to documentation about what that means, but you can make it run more jobs at once. There's a bunch of different things that you can do to it. we don't show those in the UI though. It's only in the config file. now open up my stigma. All . to give you just we have a before state, this is what the first iteration of the registration looks . when you want to make a new runner, you have to select the operating system or whatever platform you want to make it on and then after you select it, you get this form of different fields that you need to fill out a lot of them are optional. But the only thing that's not optional is the tags, you have to either add tags or you have to select run untag jobs. It's one of the one of the other. And then once you create it, you get you still have to go in the CLI, but you get this one thing that you can copy, paste in the CLI and then you have a runner. I was looking at if we have any patterns and pajamas yet for I would call this a stepper, but you could think of it as a wizard as . And I saw that we had an issue that was already open that has a lot of work done. I brought that into this view. I'm hoping by breaking these up a bit more, I can help one users understand the concepts a little bit better because the most important thing is the tags, which I broke out into its own step. And then I can also get at the fact that you either need to add tags or you have to market as untagged. The design is really just breaking these up. it's not as long. if you click next here, you then go to tags. And it's the only one also that's not optional. you would have to select either add tags or select this and then go next and then this whole step is optional for details and configuration. you could just go next immediately. And then you get to that same screen at the end of the registration. But I think my main question was in this pattern. Is this, does this pattern seem something that any of your groups would need as . And are there other use cases that maybe I'm missing. For me, I don't have any other adoption for this, but probably in the future. Yes. And I was looking into the other issue. this is outside of verify, but I have seen that there is a new. It's behind the feature flat that get that page is team. And I think you're having similar resort things on the UI. I'm not sure it could is delivered by any of designers, but it was implemented by a front and engineer. I'll share the issue once I found that. And I'm pretty sure you team needs one of this step for at some point, but at the moment they don't have designer. not sure when they can work on this. And in a couple of years. Would that be for installing it lab. Yes. And then making those two different sides to making a geo connection that they can start mirroring all the data inside one, get it instance to the other one. . That makes sense. Yeah, I was say the same thing not much on my current team, but on the growth team. These were the step can't how you set things up. I know we were playing around with these quite a lot. And I don't think we ever came up with a component for it, but there was definitely a use case in most setups, setting up your account, setting up and getting onboarded into certain things. I do think it'll be useful to finally create a component, because this is something we circled on for months on that team. . Yeah, also in in my area. Currently we're working on the onboarding flow and it's also very form heavy. We tried ways to cut it down and include some navigation. But yeah, we certainly didn't think of going this step at direction, but I think we have definitely use it. If it's available. Our copy yours in fact. I know when I was working with anti abuse temporarily, we also did something this, except it went down the page. it was certain collapsible sections that reopen. Yeah, it was exactly something this. . Yeah, I think the thought was that and Lee Moore was doing a lot of work on this before. he had created a bunch of different options vertical. there's a lot of. Sometimes you can jump between different steps. there's that option as . And then there's horizontal. And then. This linear option as . I think the only other thing that I had in mind was something that's more this where you're. It's looking at a process. in this case, it was updating runners. We don't even have this available today, but in the future, we might. And I was thinking we could reuse the same icons that we use for the MR widgets. And then just give status of each step that you go through because there's something happening in the. I could. This is all steps that are happening in the back end that we're trying to give the user notify the user where it is within the process. And then we can see that. I do green check. I that visual, but you've completed that step. Oh yeah. That's one thing that felt was missing from here. And then it's just blank. And I wasn't sure if that if we should add some into further indication. Thank you. Just a check mark icon . There's a number. Yeah. this. play around that a little bit. Erica and , I know you had some comments. You want to voice them. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's just that I think when you're ready to show this to folks, we can recruit from the assess respondents. I'm just working on a project where I looked at the assess for bait him for the last two quarters. And just as a side note, , renters and pipelines. And then we can find people who think letters are confusing. And ask them to participate in research for you. that was my first note. And then will. As a part of the process. We'll create an issue. Either myself or Nick. Depending on who's on leave and who's not. We'll be creating an issue for. And this is followed calls that I think is traditionally called a says responder. And this will be a male. This is typically made available to PMs, but I certainly think you could recruit via that sheet. just find any relevant quotes and , pull them into to your study as Eric, I was saying. Awesome. And I have some from the previous quarters that I can pull for you. . Yeah, that would be helpful. And then another thing that's coming up in the. And then the one thing that I would to say, is that it's a great way to get a better data analysis. Is that users want specifically. On boarding content related to learning and documentation. we've been pulling out that learning and documentation is important. But it's targetedly. On boarding. And there. this is helpful. what you're pointing out there. what you're doing is an onboarding widget almost. Yeah. I think it would be helpful to just remember that you're already thinking about this. But remembering that these people are using this because they're new. Yeah. Just layering in as you can. . And in a way that's not too heavy, but that gives them a framework for what they're doing. Yeah. I think I could add more. explanation about platform. I think that's. I added a lot about tags, which was nice because we never were able to add any documentation about that. But that's how. The tags determine which types of jobs that the runner processes. then it gets a little bit more connected into the. The CI city process. And then I to documentation and stuff as . But I think that there's more that we could add. And even stepping back, it's how did they get to this point in the workflow. . how do they know if they should be doing this or not. Yeah. shared runners or not this. I'm thinking. they had to they know if they should be using that widget. I see. Yeah. where are they coming from within the flow. Yeah. Yeah. . But nice work. Thanks. Yeah. And I think on the topic of novice users. There could be some opportunities for tooltips or something implemented over the course of those, , different pages or steps. To communicate this is why you're making this or if you're confused . Here's some information that can help you make them more informed decision. And then you're choosing between radio options or what should I enter here or whatever it may be. Yeah. . Yeah, that's a good idea too. And then by next question, , would you be able to pull out the. Yeah, the prototype again, because I was a little bit confused about that optional tags. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't need to say that it was something where they had to choose. Oh, yeah. . Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This is the current one that we're using and. You have. I think this was just more of a mistake that we made. You have to either select. Or you have to add tags. even though we say this is optional. You have to do one or the other here. that's why I was trying to break those out into their own. Section because that's really the only piece that's not optional. Yeah, that makes sense. Thanks for trying that. Yeah, maybe just include some language there. if you select. Run untagged jobs, you will need to select tags below. . You have. It's it gets confusing. . . You can have you can add tags and you can run on tag jobs. a runner can run. Jobs with tags and it can also run jobs without tags. But you have to at least have one of. you have to say which one or both. Does that make sense? But I think I could add text that explain. Yeah, yeah, my it's you need an and or an or choose one or both. . Yeah. Yeah. . think of how to explain that a bit. All . Thank you a lot for the feedback. I think. My action items are to see what other information I can add in there that helps explain the concepts. And then. I'm also work on trying to figure out how to contribute that stepper slash wizard design to pajamas. In the same thing. , I have the next item. , I am continuing work on the onboarding flow. I just finalizing it now. I had a meeting today where we're just going over some of the settings and what that should look . And then also working on messaging. As you can tell from genius. Home that yeah, indicating things optional and all that. Yeah, you have to be clear. I'm working with our technical writer. To make sure that yeah, we communicate clearly. And then I think that you can change. And yeah, once I'm done, I will open an issue for review. And I think I can also do presentation here as . And then yeah, I'll keep your feedback. Quite do any validation. Internal folks. I'm not sure if you're already wanting to do this, but feel free to, , take us. I'm, have you for my feedback. On that minimal onboarding flow. Awesome. Thanks. Yeah, that's it for me. Thank you. I'm running solution validation sessions on the runner fleet dashboard, which I've shared in the past. And I've run one far. And the early insights were very, very positive. To excited about. And I summarized those insights in the issue. And I'm still waiting on more enterprise customers to meet with. And have to go through the process. have to go through the process. it's. Me. in environments, we're currently working to put together a glossary, which. I think is much needed. And I think that's a good, just a common term within the deployment area. we're getting that on track. But looking forward. For this to help with , async communication, the design sprint and just in general, talking about deployment. just wanted to bring it here. all of you could see what has gone into it far. And then just want to know if I'm also working with Eric and Will to test out the common screener for my solution validation study. For group level protected environments. excited for this to test it the self serving option and let how it goes. And then the final thing to have is just more of a question. I don't know has anyone ever been assigned a community contribution that's not in their group. I was assigned one for package. And I did notice in the weeks weekly, looks Pedro is the one that's supposed to be reviewing these. But is this something that. I should take on is it something I should pass off to Pedro. I'm not sure if anyone has experience in this area. And I'm also sure how I got experience. Yeah, I think it's not similar, but I have an experience selected by boat automatically. But I found one issue that is dedicated for the distribution team. And then I just think that design manager that I can review this. because I already have that. That will be my gdk. I had this discussion with hyana but from my understanding the community contribution without any designer goes to pet row. And I'm not sure how we can make those change in our boat. But I think that's the process. if there's no any no designer on that stage here, it goes to pet row. that was my understanding. But if you are willing to have those review or if you have capacity and then you can assign yourself and then p pet row as . I was trying to review it myself. It looks it's one that I need to have packages and images set up and. And my review doesn't have instructions on that. I did ping Pedro if he has it set up already it's quite an easy review. If not, it's something I can look into. I think I just need more instructions on how to do it. Oh, thanks for the feedback. Oh, thanks for no taking will. Thank you. I think it's a bit of a bit of a problem. And I think it's a bit of a problem. And I think have to have a little bit more talk about how to do it. I think I can move on to my item. there were a lot of discussion going I really appreciate Erica. We're taking a lot of time for this and moderated research. And then I, I as kiana , hey, . do a lot of different things faster. And there are a lot of discussion on going. And then in the end. Too long discussion to read. But in the end what hyana suggest is was , , let's just step back. And then we have run the first unmoderated. Solution validation using the user testing.com and then we got already just one cycle of outcome. we just decided to put it inside the left side navigation or not. And corresponding to their feedback, we just choose the direction if the answer is no. From the foundation team, we start from the pipeline editor and having one small button there to access to catalog. And then in the meantime, we still gather feedback from users. And we , , that will be in the back. we need some more metrics to use snow flow. That also requires some front and implementation. that was the outcome of this research. Yeah, thanks, Erica for your help on this. And for for everyone, I'm jumping into the discussion. This is something that I try to onboard myself, how to create a pipeline as I want, and then how to choose the keyword to skipping a certain job, for example. And then myself pointed out that, , hey, this is also a very crucial part of our UX. , we should focus more on this terminologies and also the experience on how to choose the keyword. Is it easy enough? we started this team discussion, and then it will lead to another round of user research and also the team discussion. And then I'm very excited for all of the team members are focusing, and then they think it's part of our crucial user experience. just wanted to share some excitement with you all. hi, I'm Pecca just empty. should we move on to the UX research, Will? Yeah, I've just got a couple quick updates. I graded my parental leave issue, I think, to it within the dock. There's a couple of sections within it that I'll be adding to over the next couple of weeks. I get closer to the leave, where I'll be assigning certain tasks or things that I won't be able to cover to different people. But no action items as of now, just making you all aware. I'm also look over Emily's comments on her solution validation study. And I'll respond to that comment later today, Emily. And then I watched Ollie's video. I think it was with Marin and Fabian and a couple others. I thought it was really informative. thanks for recording that and sharing that, Ollie. And just wanted to know if you need help on any of those switchboard related issues. I'm being pulled in a lot of different directions. just make sure to mention me on anything. Any comments or questions for a hinted over to Eric? Oh. Yeah. I was take some time off next week. I'm still taking some time off, but I need to be around to send out our CI components assignment three, which is also our friends and failed me day, but I'll be in on Monday doing that. But it's exciting because we're finally in the next week. be able to do that. But I'll be in on Monday doing that. But it's exciting because we're finally able to send that out. people in our alpha program will be using some components and some inputs to create an assignment. we are supporting that in a way by we're giving them a preselected list to select from. we'll want to remember that if we see really good success rates. But , but it'll be good to get feedback on that. And then hopefully I think Jackie and I today will meet to finalize the next steps at least for Q. Two for the benchmark our lO issues to champion for Q2. And then I've been working on a cross functional analysis of those software items. It was originally an OKR for. I was thinking of it OKR for Q2, but I really analyzing data. I finished it. now we're socializing that around to look at the next steps for that. we'll see how that goes. And then I think we'll wait to prioritize the research for Q2 for Q2 until we think it comes back and has a chance to chime in with her projects. Thank you to everybody who's chimed in for Q2 research far. , I think that's all on the agenda. Does anyone else have anything else they need to discuss. we can have lO minutes back then. , awesome. , thanks everyone. And we'll see you later. Thanks.",
  "word_count": 3959,
  "segment_count": 7,
  "cleaned_at": "2025-10-27T16:24:47.903580"
}